He feels very forcibly that the American_Kennel_Club should take a more active part in encouraging the Junior Division !
`` Junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged '' ! is one of Mr._Barcus ' strong_beliefs .
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office_of_Minerals_Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S._Department_of_the_Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations .
The posse 's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent .
My aim in mentioning this factor obviously is not to give license to `` wild therapy '' but rather to encourage us to use the time-honored clinical casework skills we already possess , and to use them with greater confidence , precision , and professional pride .
Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song_writer to take a wife , Elizabeth_Meehan , a dancer in the Gaieties .
Encourage them to exercise their benefits .
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial_aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools .
That encourages rooting , and the better developed the roots , the larger and more plentiful the flowers .
Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at_the_same_time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities .
Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so_long as they maintained proficiency in their technical work .
The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting_preserves .
He is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can .
It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated Arnold .
And to encourage other churches to try their own programs , Kern said this Sunday 's sessions - including the free dinner - will be open_to anyone who makes reservations .
conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ;
The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it .
Even if you live above that line , the FHA will back you , for they have decided that the inclusion of air conditioning in_all new homes is a good thing and should be encouraged .
The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at_all levels of government ; among the operating departments of the state ; between the cities and towns of the state ; and on a regional basis between the six New_England states .
It should be American policy not_only to encourage effective land_reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society .
Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits ?
How old do you have to be to remember when Americans , especially children , were encouraged to be polite ?
While some regression is inevitable , it is discouraged rather_than encouraged so_that the transference does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy .
With multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly .
It is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical_power not_only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of industrialization .
Instead of Catholics ' being obliged or even encouraged to beget the greatest possible number of offspring , as many non-Catholics imagine , the ideal of responsible parenthood is stressed .
State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities .
The greatest impact of the matching fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds .
The general setting of the Moroccan election may also encourage the deterioration of local party organization .
( The purpose of the Junior Showmanship Competition is to teach and encourage Juniors to become good sportsmen .
To insist on a_level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid_growth .
Family_planning is encouraged , so that parents will be able to provide properly for their offspring .
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively .
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home .
Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches .
Even_so , Gannett judiciously argued , the Association could legitimately decide that Parker `` should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard_to their correctness '' .
While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in_the_past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field .
For my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage rooting .
One of the roles of the social_scientist , ethicist or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work .
It is vitally important that the new U._S. aid program should encourage all_of them , since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves .
He declared on March_25 that the United_States had erred a year and a half ago by `` encouraging the removal '' of Prince_Souvanna .
`` Your aids are your attitude , which comes through your voice , your hands and legs - voice to encourage , discourage or whatever the need may be ; hands to guide or restrain ; legs to produce motion and rate of speed .
In such a case , however , we would encourage the recipient country to get_on with its programing task , supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task , and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country 's development was conditional upon programing progress being made .
Foreign aid programs were revamped to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations .
Above_all , we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible_for their fates .
All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more_than customarily encouraged .
2 ) Auditors were encouraged .
The name encouraged him , because he always felt that he could handle the_Irish .
As cholesterol piles_up , it narrows , irritates and damages the artery , encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation .
Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ?
