Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest .
It is at_least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as_well_as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature .
Friend is off to a great start with a 4 - 0 record but is n't likely to see action here this week .
They were carpeted , but made for pumps and congress_gaiters , not the great clodhoppers he wore .
The backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity .
Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it .
We scour literature for them ; here we find stored the wisdom of great minds .
When he wanted to emphasize , or get greater intensity , he added or subtracted clay .
The waves are separated by intervals of 15_minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ) , and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all_over .
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism .
There was a great sense of camaraderie .
Ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society .
Thus such great American documentaries as The_River and The_Plow_That_Broke_the_Plains were composed as visual stories rather_than as illustrated lectures .
The legation was generously set back from the building line ; if the angle of fire were too great the jutting buildings on either side would interfere .
We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry - at both the manufacturing and retail ends .
Fear of the competition - always a great motivating force in the American economy - makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival 's shiny new branches .
The `` push '' exercise of this Push-Pull_Super-Set is the Bench_Press done with elbows well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the pectorals not possible with the barbell variation .
The improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as_a_group on the same manifold .
David began to shave with great sweeping strokes .
A century of exploration had established that a great land_mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the_Indies .
The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New_York_City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can be easily be directed against the United_States and all that it stands_for .
It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you have n't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should .
My great_grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden_heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantain_lilies along the west_side of the house .
But his facility in this genre was not great .
He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy 's eye again the great fieldstone house which , built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been Izaak 's bride-gift to his cousin wife as the last century ended .
His religious_beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger .
If we were asked why we thought so , we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong , and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting .
Mr._Dryfoos ' outstanding career as a journalist guarantees that the high standards which have made the Times one of the world 's great newspapers will be maintained .
There is little evidence that existing public or private training_programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job .
Another source of NBC pride was its rare film_clip of Bix_Beiderbecke , but this view of the great trumpeter flew_by so fast that a prolonged wink would have blotted_out the entire glimpse .
The Title 8 , program of the National_Defense_Education_Act of 1958 was a great spur to this trend toward area schools .
A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung , high in the air , from a docked steamship .
In one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth .
Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network .
Those would be reserved for the orchestra 's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .
Some recreation features , such as scenic values and water interest , also have greater overall value than other interests .
Pansies are supposed to like it cool , but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring sun .
`` He made no claims to belong_to the great and mighty of this earth '' .
The great detective modestly agrees .
In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their exultation .
Among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group ; and in modern societies such influence is still great .
Determine if the particular State 's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment .
But then one day , while on a week 's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler , Rousseau amused the company with a_few little melodies he had written , to which he attached no great importance .
William_Gilmore_Simms , sturdy realist that he was , pleaded for a natural robustness such_as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans , to vivify the pale writings being produced around him .
The Pope , in the splendor of his great intellect , had neglected them a_little .
Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution , in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth .
On the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan , fishermen at_sea noticed no unusual swells .
The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung .
This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature .
Thus at the same time that William_Henry_Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana_Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe , Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North_American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier .
