This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction , and consequently the radio_emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved .
Roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose : to evaluate procedures , regardless of individuals .
Yet this scream had a different note in it .
The motivations for both sexes , to_be_sure , are different .
Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging_to the same group as , for_instance , between reserpine and chlorpromazine .
Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every_other part and plane ; and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface .
Since arriving here , however , I have formed a far different religious picture of present-day England .
Records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music .
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances .
The final sample was not significantly different from a normal_distribution in regard_to reading achievement or intelligence_test scores .
The introduction of the United_States_Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid stimulating activity have made_it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time .
The choice of p and n determines the binomial_distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when * * f ; then the number of successes is always 0 ) .
And if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ?
There was the slight pain , but it was no different from the throbbing in his head .
We all seek the same thing through different ways - an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star_of_David flies over Zion '' .
The sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts ' adhesive ( Johansen , 1940 ) in earlier experiments , and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) .
The truth is , though , that men react differently to different treatment .
Different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or reflect different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color .
Are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers ?
The statement of the system is a different matter .
From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be_due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model .
Rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold fillings .
Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present , different autonomic somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety , respectively , as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines , the state of the muscle_tone , and the Mecholyl_test .
Mary presented quite a different problem .
In medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar .
From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a_few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .
If so , it might be worth_while to assign a future jazz show to a different department - one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut_down on the number of performers and give them a_little room to display their talents .
With the diversity of religious viewpoints , there are differences_of_opinion as to the essential features of religion ; and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion .
Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations .
In studying the liquid phase thermal reaction , some 70 tubes from 12 different manifold fillings were prepared and analyzed .
This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general .
Wilson again went downtown to a different banker , an intelligent young white_man who seemed rather sympathetic , but he shook his head .
The volume and , perhaps , even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse .
Some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings .
Plate 12 illustrates four examples , which are Ripe or Late_Geometric work of common spirit but of different schools .
Instead of inflecting a verb or using an unattached particle to indicate the past or future , Siddo used an entirely different word .
`` You often hear people talk_about team_spirit and that sort of thing '' , Benington said in a conversation after the ceremonies , `` but what this team had was a_little different .
In the testing_room he was to make , successively , three presentations to three different people .
He got caught_up into it and became a different person .
This second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored .
There are about 200 different kinds of Andrena in Europe alone .
But apart from racial problems , the old unreconstructed South - to use the moderate words favored by Mr._Thomas_Griffith - finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North .
It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in_vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice .
As stated earlier in the paper , Onsets and Completions - particularly the former - provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development , each within a limited age period .
Separating , they took different sides of the main_drag and systematically combed the bars .
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
There are many grammatical misconstructions other_than dangling_modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations .
Earlier , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at_times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice .
But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : Jessica and I , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or mess-hall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond .
Since the absorption of radio_waves in rocklike material varies with wave_length , it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material .
