They had bought their house in Catatonia after investigating all the regions of suburbia surrounding New_York ; they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and abundance of names .
What to buy out of the year 's grist of nearly 15000 book titles ?
If you do n't own a planer and do n't want to buy one , it 's well worth renting .
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep_up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm .
He told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea_Market in Paris .
He had made such a fuss about buying that second car that he knew he was vulnerable .
Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes .
Other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were `` resistance to high interest_rates , cost advantage of buying over renting has narrowed , shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to qualify '' .
All framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13 16 - inch thickness specified in the drawings .
Do n't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces .
We attended the premieres of his concertos , symphonies , and suites ; we studied , taught , and performed his piano_sonatas , chamber_music , gavottes , and marches ; we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities .
And another time , without accusation : `` You never wore that scarf I bought you '' .
If you are not well acquainted_with the area in which you wish_to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy .
As a result of the new outlook for turnpikes , investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments .
The owner of the painting got it for $ 750000 , sold it for $ 500000 in a market crash , and bought it back for $ 590000 .
Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it .
In_this same society , the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume .
If we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins .
What to buy for adult and child readers , for lovers of fiction and nonfiction , for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified , when your budget is pitifully small ?
Mantle , more concerned with dress , buys his suits four at_a_time at Neiman-Marcus in Dallas and pays as much_as $ 250 each .
Above_all , do n't set_up extravagant fringe_benefits just to buy employee good_will .
They 're buying fun and adventure and family experiences .
I bought a new little foreign bomb .
He urged her to buy one of his machines - for $ 300 .
Even before he hit big money , he had begun buying modern paintings .
It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at_least forty years old .
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a_few hours it 's gone '' .
Her presence only made Letch more distant and irritable and , in the hurry of buying Chateau_Belletch , I had neglected to consider a room for Baby-dear , so there was no place to put her , anyhow .
The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business_concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal_Government .
And the Jerebohms are more_than willing to buy it .
Do buy all-purpose mugs or cups .
He planted the pansy seeds himself , buying them from a pansy specialist .
Investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended_up with 25 , and customers who had put_in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many .
Commerce_Department officials were_inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March .
I hope Raphael bought them whole '' .
Although the Administration 's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934 , farmers , with the help of extra fertilizer and good_weather , are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines .
Enough trading_stamps were collected to buy a 12 - passenger station_wagon .
Having achieved this end , he was able to buy 116000 square_miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers .
Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` fall-in '' and the other `` close-up '' , and_then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of ' fall-in ' and ' close-up '' ' .
It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they 're buying the comforts of home .
Some general things to look_for in a site , if you have n't already bought one , are accessibility , water drainage , and orientation .
Cardboard noisemakers , substitutes for the unavailable tin models , were being hawked and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along Broadway , and one 's ears were continually serenaded by the horns ' rasps and bleats .
Michelangelo bought some scrap lumber .
Never once did he buy me a single gift and for our third anniversary he gave me a dislocated jaw .
F._Morris_Cochran , university vice_president and business manager , said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families , particularly for those here for a limited time .
When she said that she did n't have the money , he said that she could come_in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one .
He went down to Mills_and_Bradley 's Hardware_Store and bought a full set of carpenter 's tools , including a rotary power_saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr._Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were .
You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good secondhand machinery , by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor , and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs .
The reasons are that America generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars , and that she compulsively strives to be liked .
They went shopping in the neighborhood , and bought two loaves_of_bread with the ration coupons they had been given in Blois , and some cheese , and a dozen eggs , and a bag of oranges from a peddler in the Place_Redoute - the first oranges they had seen since they landed .
