The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B._C. , when the Han_Emperor_Wu_Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow - which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions - and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the_most auspicious influences .
He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high_and_low - the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness .
A high protein diet , calcium_lactate supplements , and norethandrolone failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness .
Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no_longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed .
Advertisers are changing their attitudes , both as to the significance of_this market and the ways of speaking_to it .
They are supplied , a batch at_a_time , by a secret source and are continually changed by Wisman or his staff , at_random intervals .
He stopped automatically at the street_corners , waiting for the traffic_lights to change , unheeding of other people , his coat open and flapping .
Such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a Deerstalker or a Jet to change arms-making concepts .
In_other_words , like automation machines designed to work in tandem , they shared the same programming , a mutual_understanding not_only of English words , but of the four stresses , pitches , and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white .
( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately . )
This `` holds '' the local until the express passengers change trains .
Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction .
Therefore , if the target can significantly change its location in something less_than 30_minutes , the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered .
But , obviously , at_least some things have changed for the better in Russia so_far as the ballet is concerned .
`` He works for my father '' , the girl said , and_then seemed to change her mind .
Yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought_about by the war .
First thing I did after my twenty-first birthday was go_into court and have it officially changed , and this is something I do n't tell everybody .
The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life - and refused to change it .
Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ?
When a city has arranged things like this you cannot easily change them .
Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the nai ^ ve state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in_this fashion .
It was only hours since I had last seen them , but they had changed and I had changed .
He can ( 1 ) point his car resolutely at the invading fender and force the other driver back into Lane A ; ( 2 ) slow_down and permit the ambivalent driver to change lanes ; or ( 3 ) alternately accelerate and decelerate , thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions , thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair .
If any one of them has any power to veto the Secretary_General 's decisions the nature of the organization will have changed .
The worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily .
They had lunch at a sidewalk cafe overlooking the intersection of two broad , busy , unpicturesque streets , and coming home they got lost in the Metro ; it took them over an hour to get_back to the station where they should have changed , in_order to take the line that went to the Place_Redoute .
Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity .
The land of Shayol did not change .
Now times have changed , and I must pretend that hair does n't grow on my face .
Then he turned the telephone over to Rourke , and went_into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes .
The pains themselves had not changed ; he had .
And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in_the_first_place has faded .
For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity , I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United_States for some days .
When that was broken_up after the First_World_War , its name was changed once_more .
`` All_too frequently '' , points_out James_O'_Gara , managing_editor of Commonweal , `` Catholics run_roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter , by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and , particularly , by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth_control has changed in recent decades '' .
However , the last few years of your life , things seem to be changing .
Through previous centuries , eating changed by nearly imperceptible degrees , and mostly toward just getting enough .
She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr._Meeker 's death .
That purpose has never changed .
To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth_Street and change for the IND , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .
But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope , at_least on the Catholic side .
Further , we see by Lemma 2 that the multiplicity of f can only change at a tangent point , and at such a point can only change by an even integer .
I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he 'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there .
I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident .
Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence .
To want to change is the third step .
The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil .
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic .
The first one , two years ago , changed the routine of their home life .
New_Mexico 's Clint_Anderson offered a resolution to change the Senate 's notorious Rule 22 to allow three-fifths of the Senators present and voting to cut_off debate , instead of the current hard-to-get two-thirds .
