But a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed , and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to ethically acceptable solutions of urgent political issues .
Position may not be everything , but in the case of a pool it can certainly contribute difficulties , social and / or physical .
American_Catholics have responded generously to bishops ' and pastors ' appeals for the support necessary to create parochial_schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning .
Examination of the data in Table 1 , shows that a_few samples contributed to raising the effluent BOD .
The bronchial_artery , except for a small number of short branches in the hilum , contributes none of the pleural blood supply .
It was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public_Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool 's operation .
Since you contributed more_than half of his support , you may also claim an exemption for him on your return .
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no_matter_how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut_out because it does not perform the function required of_it .
And reasons other_than employee need contributed to the growth .
It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November , contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people .
The visceral_brain as_well_as the neocortex is known to contribute to memory , but this topic is beyond the scope of this paper .
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department_of_Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of_this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation .
Although the matter has not been unequivocally demonstrated , the available data show that micelles in themselves do not contribute significantly to the detergency process .
The State_Ballet of Rhode_Island , the first incorporated group , was formed for_the_purpose_of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the State , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; And now , therefore , do I , John_A._Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode_Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State_Ballet of Rhode_Island Week , requesting all Rhode_Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State .
The day is now appropriately set_aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant_marine fleet in peace and war .
Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational_facilities ?
Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one 's ideas of right and wrong ; certainly the awakened alarm over the comic_books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of_this influence .
Mr._Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife 's people without contributing to his and his family 's upkeep , and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby , milk and orange_juice and vitamins and soap , just plain soap .
Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of_this joint_resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale .
Freud probably contributed more_than anyone else to the understanding of dreams , enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts .
During these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany .
The capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West .
While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can n't appreciate coexistence thru suicide .
This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design .
Do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations , splitting apart individuals and groups , arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses , pulverizing trust and personal dignity , and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes ?
United_Nations Day is the birthday of the United_Nations , mankind 's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; And now , therefore , do I , John_A._Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode_Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24 th , 1961 , as United_Nations Day , calling_upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United_Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United_Nations throughout the land .
There the matter stands with the prospect that soon Manchester may be removed from the roster of towns contributing raw sewage to its main streams .
Gannon contributed saving plays on the Falcons ' aerial thrusts in the late stages .
Contribute also an onion , a peeled tomato and two pickled gherkins , and a mashed lime .
Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here .
No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American_Press_Association .
SAAMI 's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education .
This , plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior_design to the many subjects of their home_economics department , yet , nevertheless , claiming that they teach interior_design , has contributed to the low repute of many university courses in interior_design .
And dancing_school , so helpful in artistic and psychological development , also contributes to this essential early training - and can contribute even more .
His zest for specific detail , his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere , his tireless industry and his crisply turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book .
Each contributes something different , and something important : Ruth_Peale , her wide experience in church work ; Sidney_Fields , years of experience as a New_York columnist ; Catherine_Marshall_LeSourd the insight that has made her books world-famous and Norm_Mullendore , the keen perception of an advertising executive .
`` We are directed to develop a sense of proportion , sir , which contributes the same effect '' .
Several factors contributed to this change .
We have already hinted at the fashion in_which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life .
But he rejects , perhaps a_little too sweepingly , the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta_Conference in February , 1945 .
Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property .
Apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese , journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter .
All contributed will be acknowledged .
Others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in_a_foreign_country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding .
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not_only to party bickering , but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in_addition to contributing to more meaningful elections .
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to .
Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo thinking ; if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity .
The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr._W._A._Wildhack , General_Chairman , and Dr._C._M._Herzfeld , Program_Chairman .
The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way .
A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law_of_nations into international_law ; that_is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states .
