It squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade .
In this heavy air , however , that device did not seem to help .
Her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders .
After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick .
The vacation traffic was becoming heavier as they approached the sea .
Once covertly looking at Simms_Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel , obscene banter , and had seen the pale blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature .
But for purely definition purposes - used in conjunction with your regular Squatting , Leg_Curling , Leg_Extensor programs - a heavy weight is not needed .
This will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall .
A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs , but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole_thing did n't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned_on it ?
He stood on the porch and watched him struggling with the heavy harness , and finally went over to help him .
Pat_O'Dwyer looked_like a heavier Jim .
He called_in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston .
His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers .
He pulled with all his strength at the heavy , brass bound door , and shuffled along the wainscoted wall .
This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers .
He darkened under his heavy burn .
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such_as printing_inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread_dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at_present .
It did n't take Captain_Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of Troop_H .
He walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns .
There was no place to sit , but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window slits and back , stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams .
The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition .
Place your Power_Stands in position and adjust their height so_that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean .
Her quarters were on the right as you walked into the building , and her small front_room was clogged with heavy furniture - a big , round , oak dining_table and chairs , a buffet , with a row of unclaimed letters inserted between the mirror and its frame .
It appeared that most of the mixed liquor suspended solids were active microbial solids with the heavier , less active solids settling out .
If there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material .
The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly_line and wants enough land_area to do the entire job on one floor .
Before you use ' em the light company 's got to run in a heavy line and you 'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits .
Then he looked at his finger , at the wrinkled , heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up , slit , and open .
He was no heavier than a child .
His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined , and when he laughed he showed his teeth , which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown .
`` The heavy thick soles .
Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane .
He settled_on the sofa with his coffee , warming his hands on the cup , although the room was heavy with heat .
Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored .
`` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles .
The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it .
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf_Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count_on heavy opposition from a group of commando trained telephone employees - all girls .
Across the bay the Palisades were heavy in green timber ; their rock paths led down to the Hudson .
This maybe due_to the heavy interlobular connective_tissue barriers present .
The bombproof was a low-ceilinged structure of heavy timbers covered with earth .
First , the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights .
He worked in oil for years before beginning his work in watercolor , and his first public recognition and early honors , including his election to the Academy , were for his essays in the heavier medium .
Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them - heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills .
An alternate roof , perhaps more within do-it-yourself reach , could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams , overlaid with boards and waterproofing .
Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more_than he could bear ?
Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and ScH .
We put a light mulch over the seedlings ; now we must use a heavy one .
These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing , particularly on heavier soils , so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing .
The floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out .
Solid concrete blocks , relatively heavy and dense , are used for this shelter .
