But I usually stick_to the old phrase : ' Ich habe ein Amt , aber keine Meinung ( I hold an office , but I do not feel entitled to have an opinion ) .
The dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent .
Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together .
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade , as best Mike could make_out in the moonlight .
Having no choice , he plunged into it , anyway , holding onto the microphone for support .
The event , staged yearly by Neusteters , will be held in the Opera_House Wednesday , Aug. 16 .
In many Northern towns and cities meetings were held and church_bells were tolled .
When might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap ?
Several conventions have been held in recent months in hotels on a nonsegregated basis .
We hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels , and most_of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity .
Then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees , standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene .
My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student_Volunteer_Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going_to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them .
Lolotte held a patch of leather , Rev steadied something , a tiny brad , waiting for George 's poised hammer .
Costs were held down , despite a bitter winter .
The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car .
The other important difference between the two Constitutions was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years , and was limited to one term .
Her hat had come_off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before .
As for me , I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles ( I love puzzles ) to put_together when time hangs heavy on my hands .
A very casual , pleasant program - one of those easy-going things that make Newport 's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight - was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh_breeze for an audience of at_least a_couple_of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather_than go to the beach .
Mark held the wheel loosely , but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he 'd make in the years to come .
No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless , and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all_of his life .
They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held .
The first pretrial conference - held to appoint amici_curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du_Pont and General_Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings - took_place on September 25 , 1957 .
Most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is_released and holds the quill in the raised position .
With eyes focused_on the third congressional_district , the historic Delta district , and Congressman_Frank_E._Smith as the one most likely to go , the redistricting battle will put to a test the longstanding power which lawmakers from the Delta have held in the Legislature .
She held Jonathan 's letter , his words burning like a brand , and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed .
Their previous legalized marriages do not count , for they hold the laws of the state null and void .
Apparently he believes Mr._Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization 's acceptance of his choices for running_mates without a struggle .
Louise climbed onto a stool and clutched the hand with which I was trying to hold the phone , claiming my immediate attention on grounds of extreme emergency .
He holds that goodness and badness lie_in feelings of approval or disapproval .
Each adult is held personally responsible_for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand .
As the Juniors entered the ring , Mr._Spring , the announcer , stated over the public-address system that this was the 28 th year that Westminster has held the Finals of the Junior Competition .
A_number_of C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets .
The avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe .
About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most_of which appeared first in The New_Yorker , comprises ( as_usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more_than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
Much of the glamor President_Kennedy 's Peace_Corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by Sargent_Shriver , the head corpsman .
Should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street ?
This is an official preliminary contest of the Miss_America_Pageant held each September in Atlantic_City .
It is the power that holds the stars in their orbits , but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass .
A week later the Daily_Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John_Brown on the day of his execution .
He was riding between two warriors , who held him erect when he started to slump .
The dinner will be held at the Hotel_Pierre .
The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home , and maybe more_than that .
President_Eisenhower held an 8 : 30 a. m. meeting with top military and foreign-policy advisers , decided to break_off diplomatic relations immediately .
That still holds .
Huff 's attorney , Antone_F._Gregorio , quoted his client as saying that part of the embezzlement represented money paid to Huff , as attorney for the loan association , in satisfaction of mechanic 's liens on property on_which the association held mortgages .
Micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as_much_as approximately two-fold .
He then draped him over the rough stand , explained that he was supposed to be recently dead , and was being held on his mother 's lap .
Instead of 3 a. m. in_the_past , the Juniors_Class at Westminster was held at 4 : 45 p. m. .
Assistant Fire_Chief Chester_Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother , because the flat lacked electricity .
