The good ones are not motivated to seek vainly , nor are they disposed to covet comfort , or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed vanity .
In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns_Hopkins students , and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting_room on Sunday evenings .
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day .
Increases gains , improves feed efficiency , and reduces losses from bacterial infections listed under `` how to feed '' section .
The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior_Chamber_of_Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak_Song .
It recommends that the United_States `` seek instead to detach the Castro regime from the Communist bloc by working for a diplomatic detente and a resumption of trade relations ; and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin_America the social conditions on_which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .
To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 20 grams per ton .
Later_on , they and the mother Psithyrus are fed by the Bombus workers .
The commercial propagandist , who can n't afford to be critical , gets_along well with the amateur , from whom he feeds , but he frequently steps on the analyst 's toes by refusing to keep his material genuine .
For prevention of foamy bloat , feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed .
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : '' O you , demons and other spiritual_beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill_up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual_beings be fed therewith .
But the army which Mao continues to feed well , where are its sympathies ?
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to Berkshires ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned .
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse_timing_circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue_computer which feeds a multichannel_recorder .
For treatment of ketosis , feed 1_2 pound daily until symptoms disappear .
Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit ; a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary_school during the sickness of one of its masters ; the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in_operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House_of_Lords in the next generation '' ; a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic_church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave .
As an aid in reducing bacterial diarrhea and preventing foot_rot , feed not less than 0.1 milligram per pound of body_weight daily .
Additive should not be fed 72 hours before animals are slaughtered .
Stern faced , he inspected the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within_reason .
There was only one possible answer , but Jack 's horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff 's course into the computer .
This article assumes that the rations you are feeding your beef , dairy_cattle , and sheep are adequately balanced with protein , vitamins , and minerals .
They had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kedgeree , the dish identified with fox_hunting , was on the bill .
There was an artificial_lake just out_of_sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped_out of the ground above the hillside orchard .
For the best results , feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding shipment and / or 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed_lot .
For treatment of bloat , drug is fed at a higher level .
To aid in the prevention of anaplasmosis , feed not less than 0.5 milligram per pound of body_weight daily .
To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily .
They learn to like these so well that it is n't surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time .
He fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment .
The broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones , probably because they are better fed .
The cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day .
For prevention of ketosis , feed 1_4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time .
Fed to dairy_cattle to increase milk production and butterfat percentage .
To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed .
Of_course , in_this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we 're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say `` How_come ?
Do not feed to dairy_cows and do not feed within 60 days of slaughter .
For calves , feed not less than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot_rot .
For continuous control , feed 1 part phenothiazine to 9 parts minerals or salts .
A driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a. m. finishes before breakfast , then goes_out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` What in the world will we do '' ?
To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement .
Then , for the above parasites , feed continuously at these levels :
Half of the population of the U._S. would be needed to work_on arms just to feed the people '' .
Technical knowledge is a wonderful thing , but it 's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash_register .
For the treatment of bacterial scours , feed 100 - 200 grams .
For cows , feed providing an intake of 0.1 milligram of Aureomycin per pound of body_weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea , in the prevention of foot_rot , and in the reduction of losses due_to respiratory infection ( infectious rhinotracheitis - shipping_fever complex ) .
The slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the slave owners : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and_so_forth ; they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care .
Inability to care for the other children , difficulty in feeding the babies , who seemed colicky , bone-weary fatigue , repeated crying episodes , and short_tempers reflected the family 's helplessness in coping_with the stressful situation .
The staminate willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen ; a marvelous arrangement , for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread , a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed .
For the treatment of ketosis feed 1_4 to 1_2 pound per day for 10 days .
For prevention or treatment of bacterial scours , feed 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body_weight daily .
