From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .
There is , then , the possibility that this **f bond is symmetric , although Douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data .
An objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data .
The battery median grade equivalent was used in data analysis in this study .
For four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine_python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length , the boa_constrictor being the smallest and the Indian_python the next in size at the former stage .
The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth .
Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities .
A summary of meteorite data , prepared by Whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in Table 5 - 1 .
The data indicated that the organic load during the 6 - hr composites was essentially 50 per_cent of the 24 - hr organic load .
Figure 3 shows the data on a silicone fluid , labeled 12500 cps which gave a high positive normal pressure .
Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable .
In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them .
There have been contradictory reports from 1958 Delta_2 , and the data quoted here are believed to be the more reliable .
The values agree with the data from 1958_Alpha and 1959_Eta .
Although the matter has not been unequivocally demonstrated , the available data show that micelles in themselves do not contribute significantly to the detergency process .
The observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region .
The data given in Table 2 , show the routine operation of the aerator .
The BOD data are given in Table 4 , .
The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3 , and for girl 2 in Figure 4 .
These extrapolated fluxes are about an order_of_magnitude less_than the values from the satellite data and the figures in Whipple 's table .
The data for the first day indicate a meteor_stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite flux .
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water_rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ;
The data show daily and diurnal_variations .
In 1960 , David_D._Thomas published Basic Vocabulary in some Mon_Khmer Languages AL 2 , no. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( * * f ) in_place_of original ( * * f ) , and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards_Greater_Accuracy ( IJAL_21_:_121_-_137 ) .
( See Source of Data , below for population data to be used in this step . )
Radio_observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets .
Discussions of the giants one_by_one will include , as_far_as_possible , data on these aspects of growth :
The x-ray data did not permit Douglass to determine uniquely the space group , but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry .
Only the amethystine_python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data .
These are few and seemingly disjointed data , but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned_reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation , pharmacological action , or clinical processes .
By the use of various weights , data for a force rate of shear graph can be obtained .
Preliminary data from 1959_Eta give an average impact rate of * * f for masses larger than * * f for about 1000 events in a 22 - day period ( LaGow and Alexander , 1960 ) .
The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables .
The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed_off at 375 ` C which contain no adsorbed water .
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child - more_than 1700 values for the entire group - by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .
In the field of the natural_sciences , scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results .
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 .
However , as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes , these data must be taken tentatively ; final conclusions will have_to await the measurements of broods from definite localities .
Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix .
He took_up a white sheet_of_paper , dark with single-spaced data .
Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio_transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers .
Its value was * * f from the above data .
There are few data on the boa_constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at_all on the amethystine_python .
Under the sponsorship of the Office_of_Naval_Research and the Advanced_Research_Projects_Agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities .
From the equilibrium sorption data which are available , it seems logical to expect that polyphosphate ions would be strongly sorbed on the surface of the dirt ( especially clay soils ) so as to give it a greatly increased negative_charge .
These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas .
Examination of the data in Table 1 , shows that a_few samples contributed to raising the effluent BOD .
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms .
( See Source_of_Data , below for per_capita income data to be used in this step . )
( See Source of Data , below , for per_capita income data to be used in this step . )
