If companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they provoke , then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade .
A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized .
In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled_out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise .
One thing was certain - his method was effective , so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary .
A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself .
A man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation_period of most infectious_diseases .
The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing_for a 6 % increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 .
Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social_system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective .
Progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources , human and material , can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted .
Mr._Speaker , in my latest newsletter to my constituents I urged the imposition of a naval_blockade of Cuba as the only effective method of preventing continued Soviet armaments from coming into the Western_Hemisphere in violation of the Monroe_Doctrine .
Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such_as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at_all certain they wish_to be controlled by popular choice when in power .
The key to effective marketing is wrapped_up in defining your company 's marketing problems realistically .
The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting_preserves .
But by now O_'_Banion 's political pull was beginning to be effective .
The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless .
It should be American policy not_only to encourage effective land_reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society .
They form effective fallout_shelters when mounded_over with earth , as shown in figure 10 .
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so_that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' .
Only when the newest Mr._America or Mr._Universe rediscovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once_again see how effective they really are .
In_other_words , the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life , and that the new conspiracy counted_on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective , as a readiness for murder .
The U.N.F.P. learned that its urban organization , which depends heavily on U.M.T. support , was most effective .
The fewer nos she has_to utter the more effective they will be .
In_general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical .
It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon .
To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; the granular texture thus created likewise called_attention_to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas .
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more_than $ 75000000 in_all , ( a ) to carry_out the provisions of_this Act during the fiscal_years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more_than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more_than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round_out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject_to the approval of the Secretary_of_State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign_policy objectives of the United_States , be expended in_cooperation_with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United_States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United_States for the use of the United_States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United_States .
Meanwhile , other air_defense forces are being made effective , as described later in this message .
The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases .
The most effective political inventions seem to make maximum use of natural harbors and are aware that restraining breakwaters can play only a minor part in the whole scheme .
Often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but , because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding , one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective , and the whole pattern becomes ritualized .
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws .
Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate .
But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local levels ; and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies .
From this doctors can read heart_rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power .
Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry .
The Secretary_of_the_Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more_than two years after the date of enactment of_this Act .
The degree of circumstance , the ratio of memory to forgetfulness , determines whether a dream will be a recognized , fulfilled prevision , or the vaguely , effective source of the weird deja_vu feeling .
This de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono - and di-iodotyrosine , but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine .
Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find_its_way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective :
But if the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as_well_as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it .
The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .
Solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have_to be filled with concrete to give effective protection .
In the field of entertainment there is no spur to financial daring so effective as audience boredom , and the first decade of the new device was not over before audiences began staying away in large_numbers from the simple-minded , one minute shows .
We have staved_off a war and , since our behavior has involved all these elements , we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of_it , since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective .
The Protestants themselves are the first to admit the great falling_off in effective membership in their churches .
At this date , it seems probable that the name of Serge_Prokofieff will appear in the archives of History , as an effective Traditionalist , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; yet was never caught_up in it - never a slave to its academic dialectics .
And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` In_essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower 's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling - thus_far with but limited and precarious success - to give effective voice and force to_that conservatism '' .
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not_only to party bickering , but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in_addition to contributing to more meaningful elections .
These expenditures are estimated to be $ 12.1 billion , an increase of $ 187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social_security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
The statement was effective .
