It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft .
His voice grew high and trembling .
The gap between the bookshelf and the record cabinet grows smaller with each new recording catalogue .
Despite their efforts , the problems seemed to grow graver all_the_time .
Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler 's victories into a permanent light_mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let 's try it '' .
He had the hardest pains of growing before him now , as he approached twelve .
She was a child too much a part of her environment , too eager to grow and learn and experience .
Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let_go ?
traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing .
It is for growing closer .
Nor is it an accident that baseball , growing into the national game in the last 75 years , has become a microcosm of American life , that learned societies such_as the American_Folklore_Society and the American_Historical_Association were founded in the 1880's , or that courses in American literature , American civilization , American anything have swept our school and college curricula .
The problem grows in intensity each_year as man 's knowledge , and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand .
He had noticed how formal and irritably exact Rachel had grown .
It is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate .
Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program , but taken together they grew quite tiresome .
When Beckett 's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' .
Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now .
Anita put_out the remaining candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comforting awareness of each other 's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty_of images .
These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated_to Thomas_Jefferson 's dictum that one must cherish the people 's spirit but `` Keep alive their attention '' .
For a moment or two , both scenes are present simultaneously , one growing weaker , one growing stronger .
The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .
As an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands .
Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and_then older and_then still older , in_short , whether Adam 's life was intended to be part of the process of time .
Nor in South_Georgia , where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields .
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me .
In and in and in they poured through the gates of Majdanek , but they never left , and Majdanek was not growing any larger .
This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows , and no faster .
The woman ( she must have been a tiny baby when Hetty and Delia had stood arm in arm , watching great age grow small ) answered the nod with her own .
Faint at_first , the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind .
In the twentieth century its influence grew , as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration .
They germinate quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily .
He accepted the environment of his destiny - took_root and grew to fulfill the stature of his early promise .
If the slope grew steeper and the groves more dim , she tried not to heed .
If those are n't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ?
`` On the side toward the horizon - the southern_hemisphere - it is spring ; plants are being taught to grow '' .
Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to toe-tips , of the little girl which had grown from his side ?
As he talked_about himself , time_and_again stuffing and dragging on his pipe , Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled .
Both church and graveyard were smaller than she remembered them ( how many things had lessened while she was gone away ) but the headstones had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named `` Dorothy_Tredding '' seemed suddenly impossible .
There was brush , and stands of pine that no grass could grow under , and places so steep that cattle would n't stop to graze .
Even before he saw the necessity of growing better food and planning good nutrition , Mr._Clark felt the school had a good_health program .
Houses of settlers who 'd treated the company herds as a natural_resource , free for the taking , were sitting empty , with weeds growing high in their yards .
In some parts of the country , however , a co-operative movement has begun to grow , under the wing of state_governments , whereby , with the financial help of the state , libraries share their book resources on a county-wide or regional basis .
First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity .
If they have trouble exporting , international bill for their support will grow larger than it otherwise would .
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one 's head , but not so high as the golden_glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them .
This time B ' dikkat smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of Mercer 's thigh - a sleeping child 's head , covered with light hair on top and with dainty eyebrows over the resting eyes .
`` ' Taught to grow '' ' ?
In the clay are entombed millions of pollen grains and spores which came from plants growing in the region at_the_time .
As this tax_base grows so then can your medium and low_density residential areas grow .
Apple trees grew there also .
