The landscape of Greek history broadens widely , and rather abruptly , in the eighth century B.C. , the age of Homer 's `` rosy fingered Dawn '' .
The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in_charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university .
The ninth century was in its artistic work `` the spiritually freest and most self-sufficient between past and future '' , and the loving skill spent by its artists upon their products is a testimonial to their sense that what they were doing was important and was appreciated .
With a large and circumspect 20_th Century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children 's fairy_tales - Slavic dances and love songs - into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at_large .
Though the spread of this type of decoration in the Aegean has not_yet been precisely determined , it seems to appear first in the Cyclades , which were among the leading exporters of pottery throughout the century .
In earlier centuries men had had enough to do in rebuilding a fundamental sense of order after chaos .
The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .
One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine , and they can be applied again to the United_States in more recent years .
One boy said querulously about Orthodox Jews : `` It 's the twentieth century , and they do n't have_to wear beards '' .
The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men , a French magician , Georges_Melies , and an American employee of Edison , Edwin_S._Porter .
Political theoretical understanding , although almost at a standstill during this century , did develop during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , and resulted in a flood of inventions which increased the possibility for man to coexist with man .
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ .
The early years of the twentieth century seem very far_away .
The general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to a significant degree .
The grounds for the Church 's position are Scriptural ( Old_Testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural_law .
It all began on an autumn afternoon - and who , after all these centuries , can describe the fineness of an autumn day ?
He specifies , `` In the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian supernaturalism , in the Twentieth Century it was affected by naturalism .
This Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19_th century scholars .
As capitalism in the 20_th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private_detective is placed in a serious dilemma .
Thus , if we are to observe American folklore in the twentieth century , we will do_well to establish the relationships between folklore , nationalism and imperialism at the outset .
As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century .
The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century .
A century of exploration had established that a great land_mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the_Indies .
While Protogeometric vases usually turn_up , especially outside Greece proper , together with as_many or more examples of local stamp , these `` non Greek '' patterns had mostly vanished by the later ninth century .
It is to this same tradition that most_of the creative figures in the last century and a half of American theology also belong .
Outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself , including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries ; also secondary notions such_as the perfectibility of man , the depravity of man , and the dignity of man .
From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth century American folklore .
By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour prints ; but the possibility of this effort is bound_up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken_place .
Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century .
These local variations were to become ever sharper in the next century and a half .
The displacement ( at_least to a considerable extent ) of the ethical jurisprudence of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries by positivism reshaped both international_law theory and doctrine .
There were more indications by the mid twentieth century .
Evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the Gothic_romancers , who deal in extravagant horror , to the symbolists writing at the end of the preceding century , and in_particular to the stream-of-consciousness novelists , Henry_James and James_Joyce among them .
Thus in Prokofieff the Union_of_Soviet_Socialist_Republics produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth Century .
Shakespeare 's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries .
For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment .
In the Middle_Ages , in the Renaissance , right up_to the early nineteenth century , the painter was a giant in the world .
In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law_of_nations became international_law .
Although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era , I shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of Greek civilization .
Whenever artists , indeed , turned_to actual representations or molded three-dimensional_figures , which were rare down to 800 B.C. , they tended to reflect reality ( see Plate 6a , 9b ) ; a schematic , abstract treatment of men and animals , by intent , rose only in the late eighth century .
Indeed , contract was the dominant legal theme of the century , the touchstone of the free society .
He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy 's eye again the great fieldstone house which , built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been Izaak 's bride-gift to his cousin wife as the last century ended .
The severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery ; but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance .
Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19_th century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling .
The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit_world of the entities which previously populated it .
But there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts - one dominated_by money , the other by nineteenth century German scholarship .
It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter_solstice .
According_to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors .
But it has been during the last two centuries , during the scientific revolution , that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides .
And a witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today , `` Many_a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can n't understand his own meaning '' .
