It is clear that there are some differences in the ratings , but there is substantial agreement .
Rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold fillings .
But to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to metaphor and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an inferential leap .
If anyone asked us , after we made the remark that the suffering was a bad thing , whether we should think it relevant to what we said to learn that the incident had never occurred and no pain had been suffered at_all , we should say that it made all the difference in_the_world , that what we were asserting to be bad was precisely the suffering we thought had occurred back there , that if this had not occurred , there was nothing left to be bad , and that our assertion was in that case mistaken .
We can no_longer rely_on interdepartmental machinery `` somewhere upstairs '' to resolve differences between this and other departments .
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size .
Maybe if the marshal hears this himself , it 'll make a difference .
The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables .
Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman_Catholics appear to be irreconcilable .
The greatest difference in the two sets of figures is_due to differences in the two sets of lists used .
The `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child 's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes governs the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4 .
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1 .
It was not a hostile gathering but Andy sensed the difference from last night 's hero-worshippers .
The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be elucidated .
It is presumed that this negative head was associated with some geometric factor of the assembly , since different readings were obtained with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and disassembly of the apparatus .
Take_into_account the difference in city and county taxes , insurance rates , utility rates , and the cost of travel to work .
You definitely hear some of the instruments close_up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back .
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers , must account_for much of the disagreement in the measured radio_brightness temperatures .
Specific staining by DEAE-cellulose treated * * f and * * f , although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells , was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in_spite_of many attempts with black_and_white and color photography .
It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made .
For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely_knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian .
Perhaps it is only an analogy , but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation .
Thus if e is sufficiently small , there can be only one intersection of C and **f near Q , for if there were more than one intersection for every e then the difference between C and **f near Q would not be a monotone function .
In this manner , the factors measured by the intelligence_test were controlled , allowing discovered differences in achievement to be interpreted as resulting from other variables .
With each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter t between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points .
Compare the vast difference in scope and beauty between his neat and witty little Classical_Symphony and his big , muscular , passionate , and eloquent Fifth_Symphony ; or the Love_for_Three_Oranges ( gay as it is ) with the wonderful , imaginative , colorful , and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet , The Stone_Flower .
The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined .
Soil type , drainage , or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones .
If it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of * * f , cosec 2lc applies , the pressure difference along the major_axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major_axis , and from this the interfacial_tension can be calculated .
At_once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took_to_be Spanish , but - the driver 's white teeth flashing at me , the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair , beyond his gesticulating bottle - it could have been the purest Oxford_English I was half hearing ; I would n't have known the difference .
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; except that no State shall have a Federal share less_than 50 % nor more_than 70 % .
( It makes no real difference that Braque 's collage is on_paper and eked_out in charcoal , while Picasso 's is on canvas and eked_out in oil . )
Regardless_of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find_out - and even if they did it would make no difference .
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due_to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according_to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .
These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program .
The fraction of exchange was determined as the ratio of the counts / minute observed in the carbon_tetrachloride to the counts / minute calculated for the carbon_tetrachloride fractions for equilibrium distribution of the activity between the chlorine and carbon_tetrachloride , empirically determined correction being made for the difference in counting efficiency of * * f in * * f and * * f .
This method can be extended to include the concentration differences caused by shear fields .
This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in_view_of their marked anatomical differences from man .
Another marked difference is noted here .
There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti - A and anti - B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( J._F. and E._M. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) .
Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging_to the same group as , for_instance , between reserpine and chlorpromazine .
Indeed we should say , on_the_contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal 's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
The fact that there can not be any limit_points of the set except in closed_intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and **f are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point .
There is , to begin , an important sex difference .
The `` moving '' picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is , to_be_sure , more intense than a still picture of the same subject , but the difference is really one of degree ; the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .
Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement .
In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies .
Among_other_things it means perception , discrimination , sensitivity to subtle differences .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as_long_as the market_price for prime western zinc at East_Saint_Louis , Illinois , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14 - 1 2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14 - 1 2 cents per pound and the average market_price for the month in_which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals , nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other_than in the dog and cat ( Miller , ' 13 ; ' 25 ) .
In a neighborhood of Q the difference between these functions is also a single valued , analytic function of u .
The differences between onset age and completion age with_respect_to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows .
Spring used a Brush surface analyzer in a metal cleaning study and showed considerable differences in soil removal , depending_upon surface roughness .
No significant difference was found in achievement between high and low compulsive children within the unstructured school .
These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per_capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State .
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more_than these extremes , the State 's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as_long_as the market_price for common lead at New_York , New_York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14 - 1 2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14 - 1 2 cents per pound and the average market_price for the month in_which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
The difference is important , for although the older law_of_nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by_no_means its exclusive domain .
`` What difference does your batting_average make ?
Pitch differences from one speaker to another , or from one emotional_state to another , may far exceed the small differences between tones .
Does the writer know the difference between an `` ersatz '' ballad or tall_tale and a true product of the folk ?
Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present .
As I see it , there 's no real difference between being Jewish , Catholic , or Protestant '' .
With this enlarged role in mind , I should_like to make a_few suggestions : What we in the United_States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world .
Indeed their achievement scores were somewhat better on an absolute basis although the difference was not significant .
In the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of resolving fundamental , and sometimes bitter , differences among leaders and also as a source of policy guidance .
The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` folksy spirit '' of Protestant religious life ; in_fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman_Catholic parish .
Furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of Q in which the difference function is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval .
This difference is made_up of many factors .
Obviously , very slight changes in p do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference .
A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held_up a Torrio beer convoy on a West_Side street and demanded $ 300 to let it through .
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; except that no State shall have an allotment percentage less_than 33 - 1 3 % nor more_than 75 % .
I murmured something about a possible difference between New_Mexico 's history and Mississippi 's .
Important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce depressions , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes .
It was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a uranyl_oxalate actinometer solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption_spectra of uranyl_oxalate and of chlorine , and considering the spectral distribution of the light source .
When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium 4 vapor_pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found .
It is these other differences between North and South - other , that_is , than those which concern discrimination or social_welfare - which I chiefly discuss herein .
Men seem almost universally to want a sense of function , that_is , a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone , living or unborn , close and immediate or generalized .
If a is the major_axis of an ellipsoid and b and c are the other two axes , the radius_of_curvature in the ab plane at the end of the axis is * * f , and the difference in pressure along the a and b axes is * * f .
These differences in_turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built_up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer 's vocabulary is based_on Swadesh 's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined .
Although the standard_deviation values on which spread of the lines are based are relatively larger for those centers which begin to ossify early ( Table 1 ) , there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets .
Such speech differences made him acutely aware of the richness and expressivness of language .
In the Sacramento valley in California , for_instance , it has been observed that there was not one day 's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins .
The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference * * f and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear .
It is true , that nothing has been found comparable_with electricity by communication ; but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending_on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference .
The psychological incompatibility of these emotional_states seems to be reflected in , or based on , this marked difference .
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration .
I said that it did n't make any difference to me either , as far as I knew .
Often he seems even to have been able to guess correctly , without the tracing motions , solely on the basis of qualitative differences among the blot like things which appeared in his visual experience .
We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior_design student as not having serious bearing on the subject .
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more_than these extremes , the State 's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : * * f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : * * f ; which , divided by * * f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart .
And it does n't make any difference .
There is a difference in the experimental arrangement , in_that the U.S. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the skin .
`` As_long_as the couple is in_agreement in their approach to sex , it makes little difference if one or the other dominates '' , Dr._Calderone declares .
There are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard surface cleaning .
about three years are required , there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required .
We first define a function b ( t ) as_follows : given the set of squares such_that each has three corners on C and vertex at t , b ( t ) is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between t and the backward corner points .
The second timely part of_this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary_works and the ephemeral mass_culture products of today .
With tone , individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them .
We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection .
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is_due to captive conditions .
The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child 's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
The first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference .
And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil_wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one .
The constant temperature contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 mm by Coates ( 1959 a ) , and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features .
Here is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement .
