You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business !
Business loans generally are repayable in regular installments - usually monthly , including interest at the rate of 5 - 1/2 percent per_annum on the unpaid balance - and have a maximum maturity of 10 years ; the term of loans for working_capital is 6 years .
`` Well , that 's your business , Mr._Skyros '' , said Angie , and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr._Skyros ' shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground_glass window .
In_addition , the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar_volume of the business .
The historian 's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them .
A tavern , filling_station , junk_yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go_up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value .
Businesses must develop as a result of the ideas , energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within one mind .
It was more a matter of tact , and also it was none of Killpath 's goddam business .
`` Exterminatin ' cow thieves is just a business proposition with me '' , he 'd blandly announce .
They are segregated businesses , combining again on one site the factory and the office , drawing their work_force from segregated communities .
In a minute , or five minutes , the business would be done ; Mahzeer would stand_up , the prime_minister would follow .
Deegan had no business ramming into that kid out there .
There was no reference to the incident on the stairs , his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business .
`` We 'd give him things to deliver , letters , checks , deeds and things like that '' , remembers his half-brother Walter , still in the real_estate business in savannah , `` and learn days later that he 'd absent-mindedly stuffed them into his pocket .
Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in_detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries .
In_the_first_place our business is foreign_policy , and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem .
You 've got no business up_here '' .
SBA loans , which may be made to small manufacturers , small business pools , wholesalers , retailers , service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ) , are to finance business construction , conversion , or expansion ; the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; or to supply working_capital .
`` I ai n't taking no goddamned chances for no Jew business '' .
Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above_all , how progress in each field relates to national progress .
I stay in business so long because I 'm careful .
One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the Small_Business_Administration , aid community economic development programs .
This system provides long - and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations .
It is dull business , detecting , and hard on feet .
To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements .
And social_relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy , if not sympathy , toward resident and visiting Northerners .
In 1932 Dorset received its own exchange , which made business easier for the Manchester office , but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include Manchester and Dorset .
The growth of business has outdistanced the available supply , and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties .
I do n't know what makes you think you can get_away with this kind_of business , and I do n't care about that , either .
After the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that clinched the nomination for Roosevelt .
Even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt 's motel has been relatively painless ; the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming harder to find every_year .
He rather wished he had never got_into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy_money .
The_Office_of_Business_Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S._Department_of_Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .
No suburban shopping-center branch - not even Hudson 's vast Northland outside Detroit - does anything like the unit volume of business or carries anything like the variety of merchandise to be found in the home store .
To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative_officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with .
Persons developed in to-day 's corporations cannot hope to serve here - a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside .
Now , as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good_night to the station_keeper and his clerks , not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing_out .
Such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy .
This boosted local telegraph business and Manchester basked in all the free advertising .
It develops and analyzes the national_income , balance_of_international_payments , and many other business indicators .
`` Litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; public money spent ; justice delayed ; nothing accomplished , and the whole distribution of justice in this county seems to be an absolute farce '' .
So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall_into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others .
When in 1816 an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United_States , its British born employees , now become American citizens - Joseph_Rolette , Joseph_Renville and Alexis_Bailly - continued in the fur business .
But anybody who promises a substantial volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days , and many businesses can live without the railroad .
Average manufacturer frequently has helped build private brand business , delivering largely the same qualities and styles in private brand merchandise as in branded .
I can do business with that kind '' .
Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General_Motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at_least in part '' from the needs of General_Motors outstripping du_Pont 's capacity .
Perhaps the public 's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the `` rugged capitalist entrepreneur '' no_more exists in America .
For three years , since the liquor territorial conference , Torrio had , with his elastic patience , and because he knew that retaliation could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business , tolerated O_'_Banion 's impudent double-crossing .
Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr. ?
