The country is committed to the doctrine of security by military means .
One Latin_American country , Cuba , has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast .
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ?
We have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries ; we also have , in consequence , the duty to appraise realistically and honestly their performance and to communicate our judgments to their leaders in frank but friendly ways .
We cannot test public_opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action .
American democratic thought , pointed_up the relation between the Protestant movement in_this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith .
Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social_system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective .
As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum , their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces , the gaps between rulers and subjects , town and country , will widen ; new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense_of_direction .
Admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries .
The Soviets understand , moreover , that the first_step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West .
Furthermore , the problems and solutions devised in the electoral experiences of the rapidly changing countries are often of comparative value and essential to evaluating election results .
In_addition , this country has been settled by many peoples of many heritages and their lore has become acculturated slowly , in an age of print and easy communication , within an ever expanding and changing society .
At_the_same_time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts .
This means that such factors as the health of the parents , particularly the mother , their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life , the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may legitimately be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring .
On the economic front , the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources .
Nevertheless , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing_through this stage can be escaped .
As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry , I came with certain preconceptions and expectations ; being intellectually influenced by Newman and the general 19th century literature of England , I knew only a Protestant dominated country .
I doubt , for_example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk_about what came to be the Marshall_plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals .
Still , just for the ladies , and just for this once , for this one weekend in the country , he would make a little piece out of his melodies .
When necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold_war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not_only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development .
2 ) As a country superimposes its cultural and political attitudes on others , it searches its heritage in hopes of justifying its aggressiveness .
Abel sat and regarded the farm country which , spreading_out from both sides of the road , rolled greenly up to where the silent white houses and long barns and silos nested into the tilled fields .
But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local levels ; and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies .
Whether any of us remain in it long will depend_on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going_on in the countries of Asia and Africa , and also of_course on how long the cold_war remains cold .
Generally , the same level of living costs less in the country than in the city .
So the Kirov will fly back to Russia , minus a Chicago engagement , a serious loss for dance fans - and for the frustrated bookers , cancellation of one of the richest bookings in the country .
How did it happen , for_example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New_England as it did in other parts of the country ?
He is expected to know about what is going_on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country .
Morrison points_out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet_Union or Red_China , it is the most vulnerable of the great_powers - Europe of_course must be written_off out_of_hand .
The choice of the single member district was dictated to a certain extent by problems of communication and understanding in the more remote areas of the country , but it also served to minimize the national political value of the elections .
The engagement was_supposed_to be all set for the big theater in McCormick_Place , which Sol_Hurok , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country - and of_course he does n't weep at the capacity , either .
With their customary source of supply cut_off , the Fort_Garry free_traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country .
Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty .
And by the time the war ended , liberal leadership in_this country was spiritually Marxist .
But while the two men are riding into the country , where they are going to dinner , they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves , who strip them of everything , including most of their clothes .
It now means , in my country , homosexual '' , I said .
In one company covering the country with a high quality sales_force of 10 men , the president personally phones each major account every 6 mos. .
In every war of the United_States since the Civil_War the South was more belligerent than the rest of the country .
The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field_glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper_Laramie country in a single week .
All I ever wanted was to be a free_man in my own country .
If you do n't leave this country within 3 days , your life will be taken the same as Powell 's was .
But the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist 's desire to visit the `` smaller , less traveled and relatively inexpensive countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern_Greek and Portuguese through recordings .
He wore no gun - a strange ommission for a peace_officer in this country .
In this country , the two guiding_lights are , without_doubt , Felix_Fing and Anna_Pulova .
But then one day , while on a week 's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler , Rousseau amused the company with a_few little melodies he had written , to which he attached no great importance .
In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas_Taylor , a private in the 6_th Alabama_Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty .
Do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations , splitting apart individuals and groups , arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses , pulverizing trust and personal dignity , and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes ?
Camping is family fun , and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before .
Just_the_same , the old_woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country .
When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station_wagon , feeling in his trouser_cuffs for the ignition_key which he had dropped a moment before , she came_out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window .
