Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at_once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community_college or secretarial_school .
Mike was of legal_age and presumed able to defend himself in the clinches .
Madden regretted not being able to find_fault_with so true a statement .
The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board_of_directors and stockholders .
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .
We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted , if nothing else .
It 's just barely possible with this crowd that the kidnapper was n't able to get a table .
`` We 'll let him do a_lot of running this week , but I do n't know if he 'll be able to play '' .
Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future .
But it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little artifice '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' .
It was nice to be able to isolate it .
`` Imagine being able to laugh and wink when you 're like the top part of that picture_frame at home '' , one of them said .
For exactly one week , she was able to continue in this manner .
But he had in Walter_Hendl a willing conductor able only up to a point .
From what I was able to gauge in a swift , greedy glance , the figure inside the coral colored boucle dress was stupefying .
They must in their planning be able to count_on at_least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years .
So Prokofieff was able to cultivate his musical talents and harvest a rich reward from them .
That was why he had n't been able to finish the porch .
After Captain_Docherty sent Arleigh_Griffith for Hoag he was able to complete his detailed inspection of the third floor and to receive a report from his man covering the floors above before Griffith returned , buoyed_up by a brief stop for another glass of champagne .
One_of_these_days , I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days , from extreme abstract_expressionism to extreme photorealism , and_then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in_common with each other .
The volume of ADC cases will decrease , Martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .
If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems .
And when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious_mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind .
But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother 's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony .
He was able , now , to sit for hours in a chair in the living_room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving .
Often he seems even to have been able to guess correctly , without the tracing motions , solely on the basis of qualitative differences among the blot like things which appeared in his visual experience .
`` History has this in_common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in_the_first_place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based .
The promoter who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it .
He was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 O_'_Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` I always deliver my borough as per requirements '' .
`` I 've been_after her for years '' , Needham said , `` but I 've never been able to get anywhere until the last few days '' .
Again , I at_first misconstrued this disconcertingly intense communication , and I quickly cast through my mind to account_for her being able to speak , with such utter conviction , of an opinion held by my father , now several years deceased .
Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction .
Also , I am convinced that if my company were a sole proprietorship instead of a partnership , I would have been even abler to solve long-range problems for myself and my fellow employees .
Arlen is one of the few ( possibly the only ) composer Mercer has been able to work with so closely , for they held their meetings in Arlen 's study .
He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes .
He oughta be able to build a new house with all them contraptions '' .
Because of this diversionary_attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again .
`` He 's looking a_lot better , and he 's able to run '' , Meek explained .
No , Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived .
If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even_though he might not be able to act quickly enough .
People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken_in by quacks '' .
By submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes_on , they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck , as shown in Fig. 7 , as_well_as many other hitherto impossible insights .
But since 1927 , researchers digging_into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information .
Because of this , only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the engineers ' triumph .
Ramsey has a thing or two to mutter about himself , for the Dallas defensive unit turned_in another splendid effort against Denver , and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star , Jack_Spikes , though he did the team 's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury .
This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as_nearly_as we are able - or ever , probably , will be able - to determine :
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves .
Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them .
He possessed the fighter pilot 's horror of bad_weather and instrument_flying , and he wondered , if the ceiling did drop , whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in_this unfamiliar territory .
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so_that the teacher can catch the leading leg .
