Faulkner 's total works today , and in_fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr._Cowley made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr._O'_Donnell wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South .
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual .
The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns_out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried_over from European languages .
This seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which , under a President of the same stamp , would try to coerce an uncooperative Congress or Supreme_Court .
This rather detached attitude toward life 's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer 's personality ever since .
It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details .
What is the probable attitude of other governments , including those less directly involved ?
However , any such suggestion accounts_for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded .
The situation with regard_to our attitude and `` control '' of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with_respect_to people .
Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old_man_Arthur ; he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something .
I'm used_to all three , but I think the_French have the healthiest attitude '' .
Indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry 's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in_terms_of the model here presented .
Occasionally there are examples of prevision which cannot be pushed_aside without confessing an unscientific attitude .
`` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes .
However , in all of Prokofieff 's music , young or mature , we find his profile - his `` signature '' - his craftsman 's attitude .
Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son .
But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting .
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of Yvette_Mimieux , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called_for .
Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one .
What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached Christianity by_the_way_of Stoicism through the Church_Fathers of Late Antiquity .
But even mother 's loving attitude will not always prevent misbehavior .
Furthermore , a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety .
Old attitudes are held more tenaciously in the Tidewater than the Piedmont ; so_that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper_limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old_South from the new , but with , of_course , important minority enclaves .
What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self_enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non Jewish world .
But if that is true , why is any attitude more fitting than any other ?
We all believe that toward acts or effects of a certain kind one attitude is fitting and another not ; but on the theory before us such a belief would not make_sense .
Neither is primary experience understood according_to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other_than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense_organs .
Accordingly we may speak_of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley 's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley 's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise .
The folk are simply not homogeneous with_respect_to nation or political attitude .
He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established .
The pain in itself was neutral ; but unfortunately the rabbit , on no grounds at_all , took_up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for_the_first_time , and in the only intelligible sense , bad .
Perhaps the public 's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the `` rugged capitalist entrepreneur '' no_more exists in America .
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance .
Again , Henley 's attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of self mastery is far from characteristic of a Stoic thinker like Marcus_Aurelius , whose gentle acquiescence is almost Christian , comparable_to the patience expressed in Milton 's sonnet on his own blindness .
Also , among the latter a large percentage soon acquire the prevalent Southern attitude on most social problems .
The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very_much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred .
We are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occurred and before anyone took an attitude toward it .
2 ) As a country superimposes its cultural and political attitudes on others , it searches its heritage in hopes of justifying its aggressiveness .
And , given probable public attitudes - about which reasonably good estimates can be made - what action is called_for to insure necessary support ?
Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ?
I am concerned here , however , with the Northern liberal 's attitude toward the South .
Other THC activities followed , conducted by shopping_centers , department_stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio - TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related_to hunting and wise use of our natural_resources .
`` Grandma was n't expected to like it '' , Dr._Marion_Hilliard , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed_up the attitude of the ' 90 s .
Brooklyn_College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school .
The natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art , to despise and dislike the art of the recent past , and wholly to ignore everything else '' .
We may say that his attitude was foolish , since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills ; or we may say that his attitude was commendable , showing his independence of mind , in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others .
In such a case , any attitude would be as fitting or unfitting as any other , which means that the notion of fitness has lost all point .
Mary 's super critical attitude toward Byron had nothing to_do_with his moral disrepute .
This air of disengagement carried_over to his apparent attitude toward his things , and people often mistook it for boredom in him or a surrender to repetitious routine .
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .
