If one asks about this play , what it is that comes_upon this community and works within it with such terrible power , there is no better answer to give than `` spirit '' .
For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit .
Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community .
Until internal_combustion became cheap , he had_to be near a railroad_siding and a trolley_line or an existing large community of lower-class homes .
On February 17 , Russell and Cook were sent to the Pena_Flor community on the Vermejo to see about renting_out ranches the company had purchased .
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere .
When these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine_arts and even , to some extent , with science .
Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity , representing a human personality , and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community .
The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them .
In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit , the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful .
This is the stage at which democratic developments must take_place if the society is to become an open community of creative people .
Fortunately , although only a_few years ago they held the student at_arms_length , today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student , not_only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior_designer of tomorrow - that the student already is `` in the trade '' .
Consumer communities have suffered at_the_hands_of the productive interests .
As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century .
One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the Small_Business_Administration , aid community economic development programs .
Through the SBA 's Management_Counseling_Program , practical , personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community .
The old way of doing things , which depended_on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no_longer adequate_to the task .
It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` [ N_]_o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .
It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get_into the most selective medical_school in the nation .
To achieve this goal of balanced development , communications between the central government and the local communities must be such_that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken_into_account .
The apostolic community was literally an elite : chosen by Christ himself .
The peace of the community was badly disturbed , and people across_the_nation , reading of the incident , felt uneasy .
We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection .
To derive Utopian communism from the Jerusalem Christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors in spirit , the monastic communities , is with an appropriate shift of adjectives , misleading in the same way as to derive it from Plato 's Republic :
Many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth , thereby contributing substantially to community development programs .
A training_program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards , and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community .
The value-system of a community or society is always correlated with , and to a degree dependent upon , a more_or_less shared system of religious_beliefs and convictions .
One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness .
And the monastic communities were supposed to be made_up of volunteers selected only after a novitiate which would test their religious aptitude for monastic rigors , their spiritual athleticism .
The unstructured schools were in a large suburban community , predominantly middle - to upper-middle_class , but fringed by an industrial area .
This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking_up the wave_lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social_class nucleus of the congregation .
The European customs on which international_law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states .
The volume of ADC cases will decrease , Martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .
It is the spirit which is the source of a community 's drawing_power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so_that the community grows and prospers .
These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations .
Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community .
Durkheim noted long_ago that religion as `` a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things - unite [ s ] into one single moral community - all those who adhere to them '' .
In any social_system in which communications have an importance comparable_with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens .
In all the respects just indicated Utopian communism differs from previous conceptions in which community of possessions and living plays a role .
The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized ; the schism between central_city and suburb , Negro and White , blue_collar and white_collar can be viewed_as symptomatic_of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis .
Every community , if it is alive has a spirit , and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity .
In the international community this reduced law to Jellinek 's auto_limitation .
His view is that every religion pertains to a community , and , conversely , every community is in one aspect a religious unit .
Apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , cohesiveness , and permanence .
A fourteen year old girl from the Middle_West observed wryly that , in her community , religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities - at_least with the peripheral activities that many middle_class Jews now regard_as religious .
Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ?
SBA offers Administrative_Management_Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business_concerns within a community .
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected .
It has flared_up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth prevention regulations in municipal hospitals and health and family welfare agencies .
Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More 's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian philosophers of the Middle_Ages .
