It was strictly the deputy 's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw_in .
It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen_Glasgow , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society .
You definitely hear some of the instruments close_up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back .
Far away , standing before a curtained window in the study room , was his father , hands tucked under his coattails , and staring into the dark church .
After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe_in the cult_of_personality or in careerism , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly .
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students .
Had the Communist led Pathet_Lao finally come this far ?
Hence it is difficult to conceive_of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from geometrical equivalence .
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support .
And this may be as far as the process will go .
Of the two , Porter is justly the better_known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first_step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion_picture the intricate , efficient time_machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands .
They rode to the Rockfork_House , a_little farther along the opposite side of the street .
Occasionally if I pushed him too far he 'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his .
The revenue from O_'_Banion 's Cicero territory went_up still higher , until the yield was more_than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago 's South and West_Sides .
Such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers ; nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters .
Like strawberries in December , pansies are far more exciting in February than in May .
On some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered .
After_all , the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen 's comprehension and control .
For another second or two he gave_in to the annoyance that was directed at himself ; then his mind moved_on to be confronted by something far more serious , and as the thought expanded , the implications jarred him .
His alienation is far more acute than Holmes ' ; he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast .
Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even_though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply .
Far from it ; I merely draw an etymological distinction , hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman .
His plunder is therefore far higher - running into hundreds of millions .
As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum , their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces , the gaps between rulers and subjects , town and country , will widen ; new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense_of_direction .
Research , on_the_other_hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers .
Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown , beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine_shop , and along the Delaware and Hudson_Canal , and northward to Brooklyn , below Point_Peter , he could see the church spire wherever he looked_back .
His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards .
Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son .
The safe at Ingleside_District_Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain_Harris 's office ( to the left ) , the lieutenant 's office ( farther along and to the left ) and the janitor 's supply_closet ( straight ahead ) .
The home listener is overpowered , all_right , but the experience is a far from pleasant one .
Action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control .
She usually wore weeds , and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr._Pastern was dead , but Mr._Pastern was far from dead .
According to Dr._Ellis , the average 20 - year old American woman is capable of far greater sexual_arousal than her partner .
Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools .
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual .
Since arriving here , however , I have formed a far different religious picture of present-day England .
Griffith had confronted Hoag on the building 's front steps - Hoag had been permitted no further - and backed him against a wrought-iron railing .
He felt curiously sleepy , the world seemed far away ; he knew he should get to Cap , but he did n't know how .
From this side he could see farther into the legation 's third story window , but he saw no faces ; the room 's occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police_captain .
He ai n't gone far '' ! a harsh cry floated to him across the brush .
After looking about a_bit , Wilson discovered beyond Black_Bottom , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot .
In our age of Science and Angst it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer_space '' .
The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye_shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos - despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel - are not unknown even in early morning classes .
The vases which resulted had different shapes , far more complex decoration , and a larger sense of style .
If a branch extended out too far , each man held it back for the next , and if they met a low overhang , each warned the other .
This conception was taken_up by the early Church_Fathers and by canon lawyers and theologians in the Middle_Ages ; and More was far too well_read not to have come_across it in one or several of the forms thus given it .
As Yinger has pointed_out , the `` reliance on symbols , on tradition , on sacred_writings , on the cultivation of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values , turns one to the past far more than to the future '' .
This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention .
`` And_then I had another place farther downtown I used as a studio '' .
In some countries the trend has gone further than others :
