The major effect of these advances appears to lie_in the part they have played in the industrial_revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment .
During the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin_American writers , though ineffectively , just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them , with more effect , today .
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; Wyatt and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive_force of the impinging solar_radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth .
These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism , but they inhibit organification .
The effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized , even overemphasized .
The unifying effect of religion is also brought_out in the fact that historically peoples have clung together as more_or_less cohesive cultural units , with religion as the dominant bond , even though spatially dispersed and not politically organized .
Since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections , and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the U.N.F.P.
In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meteorological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect .
We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price level increases may offset wage rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate .
The tendency to treat elections as an instrument of self-interest rather_than an instrument of national interest had two important effects on electoral planning in Morocco .
Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus .
Argon was used as a blowing_gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical_reaction .
`` I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon '' , Rector said , He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create , the picture of a very busy mission .
Let me pass_over the trip to Sante_Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs._Roebuck `` wonduh if the wahtahm speed_limit '' ( 35 m._p._h . ) `` is still in ee-faket '' .
Although the * * f calculation is obvious by_analogy_with that for gravitational_field and osmotic_pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects .
Like the recent Scheherazade from London ( High_Fidelity , Sept. 1961 ) , it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather_than on creating sensational effects .
Would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought_on by this awfulness have a calming , if not exhausting , effect likely to improve his client 's chances ?
We perform elaborate international exhortations and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect .
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels .
Important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce depressions , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes .
Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects , there must be a continual replenishment : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary_space .
The insuperable reward systems that most religions embody have great motivating effects .
Whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the solar corpuscular_radiation pressure , which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag .
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with_respect_to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required .
It does not consider the kinetic effects of the phosphate builders on sorption desorption phenomena which will be discussed later ( see pp. 1746 - 1748 ) .
The effect of drugs that act_on the iodide concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet .
The interaction effect , which is significant at the .01 level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores .
Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per_cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at_times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song .
This effect can give_rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth .
In_order_to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such_as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .
The rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects .
We found no obvious effects due_to preferred orientation of the crystallites in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron_microscopic examination .
There may be a number of secondary effects resulting from diffusion through buildings such_as widespread contamination of kitchens , restaurants , food stores , hospitals , etc. .
A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more_than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region .
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant .
The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this : `` The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District_Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
This explains the beneficial effect of electroshock_therapy in certain depressions and a shift in the reaction from hypo - to normal reactivity of the sympathetic system as shown by the Mecholyl_test .
The effect , needless to say , is almost terrifying , and though at_times a_bit obscure , the film is certainly a much needed catharsis for the `` repressed '' movie-goer .
The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as_well_as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage .
( C ) The kinetic effects are negligible .
The experiments of Romagnosi and_others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause and effect relationship between these two primary forces .
Hence , the electron paramagnetic effects ( slope ) can be separated from the nuclear effects ( intercept ) .
Interestingly enough , the effect of the digitalis_glycosides is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium ( Wolff , 1960 ) .
Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests .
He was not sure what effect it would have , but that was really beside the point when you got right down to_it .
The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi major_axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor_axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun .
It has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ( 2 ) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned_reactions ; ( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned_stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned_reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the EEG .
`` The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer 's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute .
Have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ?
