Buchheister told delegates to the West_Coast_Audubon_Convention that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target , the fire_ant .
They indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate .
Where a growing_season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , quick-drying and subject_to erosion , many farmers fail .
That failed .
The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman 's stepson , Vincent_Hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict .
A high protein diet , calcium_lactate supplements , and norethandrolone failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness .
How had he failed ?
Mr._Nixon , despite a very earnest effort to capture the minority groups , failed to do so .
Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so .
It was spoiled now for seed , and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it .
Roberts careened backward , his back arched , fought for balance and , failing , stumbled against the newel_post at the foot of the stairs .
This anomalous status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students .
It has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ( 2 ) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned_reactions ; ( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned_stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned_reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the EEG .
If it failed on_occasion to elect its candidates for general state offices by majorities , the failure was due_to a lingering remnant of the Know-Nothing party , which called itself the American Republican_party .
Failing to find what was wanted , as was most likely , check_out other guests , with special - but not exclusive - attention to those with rooms on the street .
The shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept. 18 .
I believe it is an area in_which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide posts ; and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised .
( A detailed search of old coroner 's reports fails to substantiate this in the slightest . )
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is_due to captive conditions .
On previous voyages , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain .
In every aspect of service - to the public , to children in schools , to colleges and universities - the library of today is failing to render vitally needed services .
The attempt failed : the animal is now dead .
Obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under_way at_all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient 's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion , any findings whatsoever in regard_to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of_course , as evidence to establish the desired conclusion .
How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and carte_blanche as to its beautiful furnishings , and fail her in - spiritual ways .
The attempt had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood .
And his efforts to get a performance for his Gallant_Muses invariably failed .
Failing this , he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly .
You might have failed .
But since he had failed to anticipate it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in plotting an intercept orbit .
What I am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties .
A careful search failed to show occlusion of any of the mesenteric vessels .
The army leaders threatened to form a new military government if the parties failed to sign an eight point protocol agreeing on Gen._Gursel as president .
Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' .
For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment .
This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way_of_life , their search for wholeness , though their actual existence fails to reach these `` religious '' heights .
If , however , the figure to be discerned were complicated , composed of several interlocking subfigures , and_so_on , even the tracing process failed him , and he could not focus even relatively simple shapes among its parts .
Then three consecutive pinch_hitters failed to produce .
He must not fail to hear it .
Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing_officer 's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department_of_Justice 's recommendation to the appeal_board .
When the family business failed , Mercer left school and on his mother 's urging - for she hoped that he would become an actor - he joined a local little theater group .
Charles_A._Black , COAHR chairman , said Friday that three theater representatives had agreed to meet with the students on Oct. 31 but had failed to show_up .
The music surged up , but it failed to check it .
From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro_Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here .
When all else fails , it is argued that open sessions slow_down governmental operations .
It is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial_artery pulmonary_artery shunts in certain species , especially the dog .
You had to know , also , that you were going_to fail .
That , too , will fail '' .
Unfortunately , the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the menacing figures failed to make them any_more so .
In_addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes .
When that failed , he enlisted Branch_Rickey 's aid in the formation of a third major_league , the Continental , with New_York as the key franchise .
