And in England , after the Restoration , the body of Cromwell was disinterred and hanged at Tyburn .
Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form : his models , drawings , ten foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days , and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as_though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac .
In_point_of_fact , this is a beige box with a bright red door , about one and a half feet square and hung from the wall about six feet from the door to Wisman 's right .
She went to the father and found he had hanged himself '' .
Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4 , 1963 .
Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better .
Black strips of skin hung from it .
A bayonet hung in a belt scabbard .
Modern embroidered panels , framed and meant to be hung on the wall , are another aspect of_this trend .
The smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other , and hung as sadly in the drizzle , creeping back_down along the sopping canvas of the roof .
Bicycle gear-sets he had once used as the basis of the design for the Camden_Cycly_Company plant hung on a rope in one corner , and over his desk , next to several old and dusty hats , was a clean pair of roller_skates which he occasionally used up_and_down front of his house .
For a moment , boy and mount hung in midair .
Finally men arrested Him , gave Him a mock trial , flogged Him , nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven ; and God allowed it .
Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool .
Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' .
Make_sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted `` L '' , the foot of the `` L '' about three inches long , so_that the puppet can hang directly under the light .
Usually a veteran has to hang himself to get space on the front page .
Anyway , I did not see her until two_weeks after the refugee hanged himself .
Then at_least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on .
A hay wagon moved slowly along the gutter , the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees , and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves .
`` Hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy , and its rays will cure any disease you have '' , said the company .
It is the gait of the human who must run to live : arms dangling , legs barely swinging over the ground , head hung down and only occasionally swinging up_to see the target , a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful .
For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in_public on Friday , December 2 , 1859 .
A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop .
She took Glendora to the smokehouse , unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of hams and sides of bacon , hanging from the smoke stained rafters .
Concerning the sentence the editor asked , `` What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws , organized treason , and butchered her citizens '' .
It argued , inter_alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market_value of the stock of both General_Motors and du_Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market_values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General_Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General_Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock_market and on general business_activity .
His hands lay loosely , yet stiffly - they were like wax hands : almost lifelike , not quite - folded in his lap ; his mouth hung slightly open .
After a short time , both George and Donald joined the class with me so they would n't feel lonely , and we used_to hang a sign on the door of the Brush-off reading `` out to work '' .
The velvet smoking_jackets , pearl gray , wine , and blue , which Miss_Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet .
His tightly curled paot hung down to his narrow shoulders .
hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it I could see his tie , knotted , ready_to be slipped over his head , a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have_left his neck .
A brace of pistols , holstered on belts , hung from a peg , along with ammunition pouches .
To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related_to the highways ; so , all things considered , the highway commissioners would seem to be elected .
His head hung over the boards of Katie 's stall ; before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger .
Each brass handle and hinge shone for his reward , and he knew how to get_at the dust in the china flowers and how to take_down the long glass drops which hung from the chandelier .
It was so utterly unexpected that Marty stood for several moments with his mouth hanging open foolishly after it had happened .
If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive , say beyond 25000 per_annum , then somebody is going_to hang , it follows that the more eminent the victim , the more impressive the lesson .
We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it .
Fog hung over the route constantly .
All these he hung in his burglarproof home called Stone 's_Throw , outside Pittsburgh , and only people he liked and trusted ever got_to see them .
For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor_Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano_stool with a slat from a Venetian_blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag .
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip_tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade .
Closer still , regular barricades of barbed_wire hung on timber supports .
He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs .
So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling .
The Woonsocket_Patriot admitted that John_Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment `` but he should no_more be hung than Henry_A._Wise or James_Buchanan '' .
It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off .
A lantern hung from a peg , giving light .
I had mounted it on velvet and hung it over my desk to remind me always to use the power of the paper in a Christian manner .
