He was perhaps thirty-two , nicely set_up , with light_brown hair that had a pronounced wave .
The lieutenant 's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as Killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked_like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull .
When McFeeley was halfway to the door , the proprietor emerged - a mountainous , dark man , his head thick_with resiny black hair , his eyes like two of the black_olives he imported in boatloads .
Calloused fingers , caressed only by the smoothness of polished rosaries , had swayed excitedly beneath puckered chins where tiny black hairs sprouted , never to be tweezed away .
And you know you will always wonder all_of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you did n't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think_of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he could n't afford and the too shiny shoes .
At_once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took_to_be Spanish , but - the driver 's white teeth flashing at me , the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair , beyond his gesticulating bottle - it could have been the purest Oxford_English I was half hearing ; I would n't have known the difference .
Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal .
He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on_it into his ear as though that might help .
Shortly , the doctor himself entered , his hair somewhat wet from the shower , but evidently satisfied with the outcome of their adventures .
Prettier , she 'd do her hair another way ; smarter , and wear different kinds of clothes - she 'd be Katharine_Ross , just what that sounded like .
He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy Simms_Purdew must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles .
More_and_more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder .
She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` American_Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween .
He brushed back his black hair , shoving it under his pastor 's cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes .
It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch .
Fourteen of the sculptures you took posses properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls_out in patches .
He had long black hairs on his wrist .
It lacks pollen baskets and possesses only a large_number of long , branched hairs on its legs , on which the pollen grains will collect .
In_the_meantime , six sandals , stained an ocher , the same color as Pompeii 's shaved hair , edged_up close to him .
His hair had receded most of the way to the back of his neck .
Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest .
We 'd know him by his stretch_pants and the flowers he 'd wear twined in his hair .
Now times have changed , and I must pretend that hair does n't grow on my face .
Honest I could feel the hair stand_up on the back of my neck like a dog 's that is going_to get_into a fight .
The boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair .
Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed_back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room .
One , more horrible than the rest , lunged , growling deep in his throat , his hair bristling .
The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone .
It is natural from the marksman 's viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success , but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse .
Suddenly a treble auto horn tootley-toot-tootled , and , thumbing hopefully , I saw emergent in windshield flash : red lips , streaming silk of blonde hair and - ah , trembling confusion of hope , apprehension , despair - the leering face of old Herry .
He looked at her out of himself , she thought , as he did only for an instant at_a_time , the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a_little and his breath came hard through his nicotine choked lungs , the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the Tate_Gallery on a Thursday once .
Teachers - men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles - came to their table to talk_shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel .
Over the rapidly diminishing outline of a jump_seat piled high with luggage Herry 's black brushcut was just discernible , near , or enviably near that spot where - hidden - more delicately textured , most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes .
Her hair was dyed , and her bloom was fading , and she must have been crowding forty , but she seemed to be one of those women who cling_to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight .
She leaned unconcerned against the broken porch fence , brushing and drying her wet , gilded hair in the sun .
She stood_up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of Stowey coming_in or going_out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in_a_moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests .
`` Is it because of my slovenliness that hair grows on my face ?
Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; even when the fences became a part of the game - when a vine embowered gate-post was the Sleeping_Beauty 's enchanted castle , or when Rapunzel let_down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire , even then we paid little heed to those who went_by on the path outside .
Gun went to the connecting door , which was open , and stood at attention while Orville_Torrence_Killpath , in full uniform , finished combing his hair .
He had the same bullet_head of curly reddish hair but he did n't have Jim 's poker-faced humor or his brains or his charm .
There was a glass pane in the front_door , and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers .
His sandy hair was already beginning to thin and recede at the sides , and Abel looked quickly away .
He had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short .
David finished shaving , washed his face clean of lather , and combed and retied his hair .
Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle .
He was handsome , with his coal-black hair and eyes , his fine chiseled features .
The place smelt of some kind of hair lotion these pimp like characters use .
In litters of eight mice from similar parents , the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8 .
When his head came_down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall .
Besides , Miss_Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus_Adler became interested in her friend Racie_Friedenwald , and Joe_Jastrow - the only young_man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell_in_love with pretty sister Rachel .
