He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear .
They had the house cleaned_up by noon , and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses .
Finding him dead , Cook caught Russell 's horse and rode to the cattle foreman 's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins .
The horse continued to snort .
The horse plodded on , and he repeated his call .
`` Not there '' , he said , getting back onto his horse .
In_addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog .
It all has something to do with General_Burnside and his horse '' .
Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws .
Also , interlobular air drifts may be all_but nonexistent in the cow ; probably occur in the horse much_as in the human_being ; and , in contrast are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent ( Van_Allen and Lindskog , ' 31 ) .
With the first reports , Russell 's horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while Cook , followed by a hail of bullets , raced towards the arroyo of Salyer_'s_Canyon immediately in_front_of him , just reaching it as his horse fell .
He slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held_on as the sulky 's wheels hit a pothole and came_out with a jolt and went_on .
Prior to the featured race , the stewards announced that apprentice James_P._Verrone is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday .
He could hear horses moving around inside , and nothing else .
Now , driving the horse and sulky borrowed from Mynheer_Schuyler , he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move .
The horse shied at the dreadful thing and flared its nostrils .
Neither spoke till they reached their horses .
Half crazed by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider 's brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us - while the horse crashed away through the brush .
The parallel_bars , horse , buck , springboard , horizontal_bar , rings , and mats formerly in the school gyms were replaced by baseball , volleyball , basketball and football .
The meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial_artery as found in the horse is not clear .
I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he 'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there .
They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of campfire smoke , of horses and cattle .
The volume and , perhaps , even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse .
This could be told chiefly from a sort of head tossing and prancing , a horse like balkiness of demeanor .
Then , they said General_Burnside was going_to jump over his horse 's head ; and they did some somersaults .
`` Now , we 're going_to be like what General_Burnside and his horse make us think_of '' .
If a child watched its progress he whispered , `` Hay , hay , load of hay - make a wish and turn_away '' , and then stared rigidly in the opposite direction until the sound of the horses ' feet returned no_more .
Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ?
She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; there was no point in locking it up in the armoire now , it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen .
There were two horses in the barn , a sway-backed dun and Jess_Crouch 's buckskin .
In 1802 Henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much_as a horse could pack .
`` I'm General_Burnside 's horse , upside_down '' , Arlene said , sort_of gaspingly , for her : even she had to breathe kind_of funny when she was in that position .
All the king 's horses and all the king 's men .
The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought Kate up in shock from an afternoon 's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window .
It was General_Burnside 's horse running in a circle .
One day , the children had wanted to get_up onto General_Burnside 's horse .
One moment there was a man in the saddle ; the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all_of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers .
There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are_born at the end of an ancestral line long_since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact .
They returned to the street , mounted their horses , rode through the rain to the big house on Houston_Street .
There was no extra horse so it was left to his comrades who , though numbering in the fifties , had stood around on the hillside nearby without firing a shot during the entire attack .
Opposite every gate was a hitching_post or a stone carriage step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse .
He 'd shoot at anything if it was the rear_end of a horse or his own sentry .
He came spurring and whooping down the road , his horse kicking_up clouds of dust , shouting :
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse .
The fact that Jess 's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane 's information had been wrong , but Curt did n't interpret it this way .
And he would sleep , sleep , and never think_of roads and horses ' sore haunches , of colonial wars .
But a moment later he brought his horse forward into the light , and Wilson had a good look at him .
Noticing Russell 's horse in_front_of the long log building , he assumed his friend had slipped inside and would be able to put_up a good fight , so he began working his way down the ditch to join him .
Anatomically , the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man , insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others ( Birnbaum , ' 54 ) in the human_being .
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding .
