Augustus_Baldwin_Longstreet , a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states , published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy_Sniffle , in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye gouging physical combat , and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters , he set an example followed by many after him .
She looked at the girl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years ; from the early evening lights of them which had first startled Izaak to look at her in an uncousinly way , they had faded to a near absence of color which had , possibly from her constant looking_at the water , something of the light of the sea in them .
The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; the later works were conceived to affirm a way_of_life for fellow citizens .
The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye_shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos - despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel - are not unknown even in early morning classes .
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations - his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre_du_Printemps , his incisive Les_Noces - the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed .
Similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz_groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal .
In the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use .
Secondly , to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More 's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars , of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed , of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself .
The early Southwest_Conference football leaders - Texas , Arkansas and Texas_A+M - made a big dent in the statistics last week .
For this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery remains the most secure source ; the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative_of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
Early equipment was very flimsy ; the smallest gusts of wind toppled poles , making communications impossible .
The `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early Onset and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later Completion .
Her debut over , perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine .
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending_on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping_fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses .
In the primary grades , reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress , and the children 's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years .
In these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress .
Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins , permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure , it was used in all but the earliest experiments .
The two top talents of the time , Mickey_Mantle and Willie_Mays , have hit the ball harder and more successfully so_far this early season than at any period in careers which , to be frank about it , never have quite reached expectations .
Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural , as suited to the legendary background .
Synthetic_Cubism began with Picasso alone , late in 1913 or early in 1914 ; this was the_point at which he finally took the lead in Cubist innovation away from Braque , never again to relinquish it .
The grounds for the Church 's position are Scriptural ( Old_Testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural_law .
The incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the chromatogram ; the complete , in the latter part .
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates , I was shy with Jessie and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing_for_effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in_terms_of the most elaborate romance .
Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it , the_British would be gone ; but Cousin_Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts .
Accordingly , if epiphyseal diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche , early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' .
Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government owned systems in Alaska , and its early enactment is desirable .
Or it might have been the absent nephews she addressed , consciously playing with the notion that this was one of the summers of their early years .
By the time Felix turned_up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a_few hardy souls who had not_yet sobered_up , it could have been expected that people would no_longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night 's noisemakers and paper hats .
Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work .
Even Rector himself was prey to this spirit of competition and he knew it , not for a more exalted office in the hierarchy of the church - his ambitions for the bishopry had died very early in his career - but for the one clear victory he had talked_about to the colonel .
Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone_number in the Manchester_Journal .
To carry_out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale .
Just as modern transportation has outmoded the early Studebaker covered_wagon , the demand of today 's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment .
Another great danger is that the emerging middle_class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political_leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism .
We have aligned ourselves with that `` liberal '' tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of Schleiermacher , Ritschl , Herrmann , Harnack , and Troeltsch , and more recently , Schweitzer and the early Barth and , in part at_least , Bultmann .
His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life .
When the early part of the gradient was flattened , either by using the gradient shown in Fig. 2 or by allowing the `` cone sphere '' gradient to become established more slowly , Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors P._J. and R._S. , Fig. 1 and E._M. , Fig. 2 ) .
Charles had died two_weeks before , in early November , without being reconciled to the Church .
More emphasis was put upon the fact that international_law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made_use_of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent .
And the dogwood in early May , for Miss_Ada 's alfresco party ; and after that the Japanese_cherries .
He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams .
One of the early humorists already mentioned , Thomas_Bangs_Thorpe , can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials .
He started down the steps to meet the near-blind preacher , who had been one of the early Gospelers in Paris .
Voter registration began in late November 1959 and continued until early January , 1960 .
The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men , a French magician , Georges_Melies , and an American employee of Edison , Edwin_S._Porter .
The farmer must get_up early , and , at_times , work late at night .
This carried_over into the more urbanized late 19 th and early 20 th centuries , when the man ruled the roost in the best bull_roaring Life_With_Father manner .
An early Edison production was The_Execution_of_Mary_Queen_of_Scotts .
Boys 32 , 23 , 31 , 17 , 30 , 19 , and 24 had `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion ; thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys .
When it comes_to rate of early growth , the Indian_python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per_year for the first two years , more_or_less .
