If they avoid the use of the pungent , outlawed four-letter word it is because it is taboo ; it is sacred .
Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition .
Would he take_pains to avoid it ?
If you can possibly avoid it , you do n't hand_out any extra chances .
The inmates were white and from out of town , avoiding local friction .
Author of the Albany_Plan of Union , which , had it been adopted , might have avoided the Revolution , he fought the colonists ' front-line battles in London , negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war , headed the state_government of Pennsylvania , and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal_Convention .
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in_operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone .
Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; and for this human_beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests .
Do avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them .
Fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too_close to the tool , so if you want to avoid nicked fingers , keep your hands well_out of the way .
The Constitution of the Southern `` Confederation '' differed from_that of the Federal_Union only in two important respects : It openly , defiantly , recognized slavery - an institution which the Southerners of 1787 , even_though they continued it , found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal_Constitution .
But they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious :
Since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced , they should be used at the slowest speed available , and fed very slowly to avoid binding .
Do you rigidly distinguish between job - and non job connected health_problems and avoid treating the latter ?
On the morning following the Pratt_Hall meeting the editor of the Providence_Daily_Journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely .
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame .
All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450 - mile long strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands .
We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such_as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in_some_way comparable_to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for_that_matter , from one individual to another .
Though the reference_to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an agent of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid .
To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that C be composite , with the secant of \ g and a curve of order * * f as components .
Since a national interpretation cannot be avoided it is unfortunate that the elections were not held in a way to maximize party responsibility and the educational effect of mass political participation .
( To avoid any possible excuse for a dripping parade through your house , it is a good idea to have a telephone_extension near the pool as_well as a direct outdoor route between the pool and the parking_area . )
To avoid suspicion of bigotry , let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked_up the twenty-five thousandth corpse ; but let the twenty-five thousand and first butchery be the signal for the arrest of the 50 state_highway commissioners .
Open flame heating or cooking should be avoided .
It could , by avoiding direct intervention , provide a short-of war strategy to meet short-of war infiltration .
It is for this reason that Roy avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment .
Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life .
Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin 's funeral .
Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity , those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual_relations .
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices - for_instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists_in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as_it_is generally termed , staying_put .
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real_estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid .
There was no place to sit , but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window slits and back , stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams .
We should_like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in_terms_of international units of TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units .
A man with insomnia had_better avoid bad dreams of_that kind if he knew what was good for him .
They succeeded in eluding the curious at the hotel , but there was no chance of avoiding them at the nightclub .
Avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom .
On_the_one_hand , the major European_nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality - thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience .
They may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too_much pressure on the urethra and the anterior wall of the vagina ; at_least until repeated intercourse has dilated it and pain is no_longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making .
He further called_upon the people of Providence to rebuke the meeting and avoid disgrace .
Also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command .
The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part .
Finally , avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground , they intercepted the rain squall .
That mistake , she thought , had cost her dearly these past few days , and she wanted to avoid falling into any_more of the traps that the mountain might set for her .
Long-range planning of programs and ways to finance them have become musts if the state in the next few years is to avoid crisis-to-crisis government .
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day 's shopping , Fritzie 's commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news_show , even the front page of the Santa_Luisa_Register , resting on the kitchen bar .
There his vote , along with those of Chairman_Howard_Smith , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6 - 6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) .
She realized I 'd have_to notify the police , but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name .
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done .
The Free Democrats ( 12 per_cent of the vote ) believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the Soviet_Union , and more dealings with the Communist bloc .
In one now-historic first interview , for_example , the transcript ( reproduced from the book , The First Five Minutes ) goes like this : The therapist 's level tone is bland and neutral - he has , for_example , avoided stressing `` you '' , which would imply disapproval ; or surprise , which would set the patient apart from other people .
