They marched with bayonets fixed , and as fixed on their faces was anger , fear , and torment .
They include both individual fears and collective ones .
It had been shut again , but the lock was broken ; he noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch .
A second scene flashed before his mind , the interior of the garage at the new house and the young Bartlett girl turning startled to meet him , the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light .
We will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western utopians in San_Francisco to set_up the legal framework , finally and at_last , to rationalize war - to rationalize want and fear - out of the world : the United_Nations .
In doing so science has unquestionably cleared_up widespread misconceptions , removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear , and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions .
This and other fears of the solar_system have disappeared gradually , first , with the Ptolemaic_system and its built-in concept of periodicity and_then , more firmly , with the Newtonian innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both terrestrial and celestial motions .
This almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive , for there are some elements in_common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war .
Perhaps the most illuminating example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease .
In_fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty .
Southern resentment has been over the method of its ending , the invasion , and Reconstruction ; their fears now are of miscegenation and Negro political control in many counties .
He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him - the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson 's silent patience .
Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death .
They are in_general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or ritual .
His fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark .
When finally the two bedraggled men reach their friend 's home , Voltaire 's fears are once_again aroused .
Fear maddened , fleeing the lengthening shadow of death , he scrambled to his feet again .
After this holocaust , a changing world occupied the minds of men ; a world beset with new boundaries , new treaties and governments , new goals and methods , and the age-old fears of aggression and subjugation - hunger and exposure .
Apparently the population as_a_whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears .
The fear of punishment just did n't bother him .
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand_out quite clearly .
Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' .
We are left helpless to cope_with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false .
In_fact , the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding , and thus in_this instance , science has momentarily aggravated our fears .
Fear of the competition - always a great motivating force in the American economy - makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival 's shiny new branches .
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears .
The socialism implicit_in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution , freedom from want and fear , seems a far cry from the individualism of the First_Amendment to the Constitution , or of the Jacksonian frontier .
I want , therefore , to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science , the connection between scientific understanding and fear .
The fear of disease was formerly very_much the kind of fear I have tried to describe .
Love and hatred and fear were one here , shaded only by fig_trees and grape_vines .
In_fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day_by_day increasing our fear of each other .
his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve_himself .
Whatever we felt about the redcoats , we respected them in_terms_of their trade , which was killing ; and I know that I , myself , was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun .
Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane_deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills .
Warren thought_of all the men out that night who , like himself , had left their protective ridge and - fear working at their guts - picked their way into the area beyond .
Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler 's victories into a permanent light_mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let 's try it '' .
The achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took_place three centuries ago .
Warren tried to shake_off the jumble of his fears by looking_at the sky .
From the east to the west coast of the Korean_peninsula was a strip of land in which fear filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts .
The creature in feathers looked_around and David saw the mad eyes , glazed with an insane fear .
There are signs that it has struggled for days to escape and that in a frenzy of hunger , pain , and fear , it has all_but eaten off its own leg .
This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls .
For this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery remains the most secure source ; the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative_of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
In_fact , although we have dispelled the fear , we have not necessarily assured ourselves that there are no dangers .
The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air .
And this in_addition to his usual fear of being among people of high_society .
He was n't troubled with the ordinary , rank-and-file fear that overcomes and paralyzes and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under_fire running in panic .
Also , she lived in continual fear of finding a white worm curled_up in a neat , mean little heap at the white center of the radish .
To say that science had reduced many such fears merely reiterates the obvious and frequent statement that science eliminated much of magic and superstition .
Anger and fear fused in John .
