It would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers '' .
The old way of doing things , which depended_on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no_longer adequate_to the task .
I do not know that this is true ; both Flugel and Ranyard_West deal with the development and nature of conscience , as do such theologians as Niebuhr and Buber .
The civil_services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them ; and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather_than with sacrifice , self-discipline , and competence .
And in a concluding chapter about America 's stance in the contemporary_world , one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come_to_grips with the baffling riddle of our time : How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war .
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each_week from West_Germany , but the hard truth , says Crossman , is that `` The closing_off of East_Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East_German , as distinct from Russian , troops was a major Communist victory , which dealt West_Berlin a deadly , possibly a fatal , blow .
How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign_policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ?
For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit , composed of people , which gives us both some immunity from , and a way of dealing with , other people .
Similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship , quick appraisal of key issues , and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego 's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses .
In_short , the book , based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard_University , is both reliable and readable ; the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time .
In_this relationship-building stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client 's ability to deal with the problem .
With this seven-word sentence - though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food - he was telling things about himself and , in the last two examples , revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture .
Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations .
In_fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .
`` Dealing faro '' .
One definition of paternalism is `` The principle or practice , on the part of a government , of managing the affairs of a country in the manner of a father dealing with his children '' .
Faulkner 's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life .
Christiana_Securities_Company and Delaware_Realty_+_Investment_Company , major stockholders in du_Pont , and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a ten year period , of du_Pont 's General_Motors stock allocable to them , as_well_as any General_Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright .
`` Yes , for they deal with distress .
I will deal with these later_on .
William_Wimsatt and Cleanth_Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in_which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) - then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at_all .
That is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions , of_course , that he is steeped in them , in_fact , or that he has dealt with them , in his books .
One thing is certain , however , and that is that he is far more slavish to the detailed accents , phrasings and contours of the music he deals with than a confident dance creator need be .
Evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the Gothic_romancers , who deal in extravagant horror , to the symbolists writing at the end of the preceding century , and in_particular to the stream-of-consciousness novelists , Henry_James and James_Joyce among them .
This French film , set in Italy , is a summertime splurge in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scenery - so breath-taking that at_times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with .
The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at_best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit .
Practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of SBA publications .
This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief .
The volume of ADC cases will decrease , Martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .
The forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , unprotected , unguided , to deal with whatever hindrances were offered .
In a symposium and general exploration of the field of Person Perception and Interpersonal Behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject , with one possible exception ; Solomon_Asch shows the transcultural stability of metaphors based on sensation ( hot , sweet , bitter , etc . ) dealing with personal qualities of human_beings and events .
The Christian_Faith History of the Church_Duties of Church_Membership The Local Church and Its Program Following each instruction period a_piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week .
In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school , I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high_school where he is found .
He showed us how he dealt with his enemies : he executed them before TV cameras .
Before them stalked the beadle , proclaiming as he went , `` Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws - adulterers , thieves , murderers , and lewd persons .
Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O_'_Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen .
The historian 's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them .
It is not a tool for dealing with these crises after they have erupted .
And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers , ever since we assumed free_world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously .
`` Dealing faro ?
They make gin saws and deal in parts , supplies and some used gin machinery .
Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments .
Mr._Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen._Jackson 's recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved .
In_addition , our way of dealing directly with natural_phenomena has also changed .
Forty years ago an English writer , W._L._George , dealt with this subject in Eddies_of_the_Day , and said , as an example , that ' Saint_George for Merry_England ' would not start a spirit half so quickly as ' Strike frog eating Frenchmen dead '' ' !
In considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area , since we are now no_longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning .
But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ?
Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time .
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner 's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a_hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner 's time .
He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation_to the whole - when the whole is too_large to grasp .
