The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not_only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war .
As a boy Roy_Mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the out-of-doors , its tang of weather , its change of seasons , its variable moods .
If the change , at_first_sight , seems minor , we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change , and the Italian painters , by universal consent , were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen .
But with all the changes in philosophy , dress and terrain - a_few things remain constant , including the devotion of Americans to the great field_sports , hunting and fishing .
A change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or , in special circumstances , to cardiovascular collapse or nausea and vomiting .
Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula_rasa of an uninvolved intellect .
`` You 've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply .
This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses .
Furthermore , conditioned_reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level , and several types of behavioral changes probably related_to the degree of central autonomic `` tuning '' are observed .
You may save valuable production minutes with a change .
Since the apparatus is new , it requires experimentation and changes in technique .
For some white-collar workers it is a welcome change from the regular job , and a physical conditioner .
Just as modern transportation has outmoded the early Studebaker covered_wagon , the demand of today 's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment .
Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus .
Other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through Saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football 's hall_of_fame , players ' benefits and constitutional amendments .
The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations .
`` Be careful of the word ' gay ' , for it , too , has undergone a change .
The latest major change in this program was introduced by the National_Defense_Education_Act of 1958 , Title 8 , of which amended the George-Barden_Act .
To forestall any change of allegiance , the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O_'_Banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay .
Changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell .
The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural_order of time and change .
It is also seen that **f , since the change from **f to **f is accomplished by a continuous translation .
At the time the will was drawn Mr._Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and_so_forth '' .
The modern student , who knows what was to come next , is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century .
He concludes that some changes can made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes .
Finally , the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing_up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume , as with Cipolla ) , are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann 's stories .
One simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube , filled with mercury , around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched .
Chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2 - week period , but there was no change in the muscle weakness .
For all concerned with social-welfare legislation , the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear , profound and far reaching .
From this doctors can read heart_rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power .
However , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude .
Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies_in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity .
Obviously , very slight changes in p do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference .
As we have noted , however , we are abstracting from changes in all determinants of this level except for changes in the wage rate .
Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification .
There was a crowd in the stands for a change and the sun was hot .
The change of emphasis from conventional type to missile type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other .
Since the absorption of radio_waves in rocklike material varies with wave_length , it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material .
There are more stems per item in Athabascan , which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto Yokuts .
The first slanting rays of the new day cannot yet dispel all the dark shadows which lie across the Aegean world ; but our evidence grows considerably in variety and shows more unmistakably some of the lines of change .
He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned_)_reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible .
Thus , for non negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage_setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .
To make it clearer he shifted to acting_out , but with no change of manner , the killing of Rose_Mallory .
With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion , for this particular epiphysis .
As for the night being warm , he would have been comfortable naked on Mount_Everest but his water_brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure ; he was considerate of their weakness , once he learned of_it .
Brittany , that stone-gray mystery through which he traveled for thirty days , sleeping in the barns of farmers or alongside roads , had worked some subtle change in him , he knew , and it was in Brittany that he had met Pierre .
In contrast to the nuclear changes described above , another change in muscle nuclei was seen , usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross striations and myofibrillae .
The key to the world of geology is change ; nothing remains the same .
Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times - granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside - are correct ; but all_too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took_place in the early first millennium .
On_the_contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible_belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological_revolutions have long been under_way , together with the corresponding changes in man 's picture of himself and his world .
