The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even_though it is but vaguely understood .
Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family_business which , though it was allied to art of a kind - the design and production of engraved seals - bore no relation to the painting of pictures .
He revealed the potential value of the `` cut '' as the basic technique in the art of the film .
Indeed , it has only been a matter of the last few years that reputable schools of art have granted degrees at_all .
In that apparently simple shift Porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as_well_as a mechanical recording device .
The Poetics , in affirming that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did Plato .
But it did teach Roy the basic techniques of commercial_art , and later , for twelve years , he and his sister Nina conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia .
If art is to release us from these postulated things [ things we must think symbolically about ] and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common_sense entities '' .
By dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way , Roy_Mason has found a particular niche in American landscape art .
What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ?
By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour prints ; but the possibility of this effort is bound_up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken_place .
The specific analogy to the dilemma of love is the problem of the `` breakthrough '' in the realm of art .
Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film .
In recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in_conjunction_with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences .
But no art at_all was_born of the art effort in the early movies .
That he mastered every aspect of his medium according_to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; and perhaps of even greater significance - his music is strong 20_th Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution , based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music .
Yet , I responded , could not similar things be said about the art of the past ?
But it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little artifice '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' .
That this abandonment takes_place on a stage , during an ' artistic ' performance , is enough to associate Jacoby with art , and to bring_down upon him the punishment for art ; that_is , he is suspect , guilty , punishable , as is anyone in Mann 's stories who produces illusion , and this is true even_though the constant elements of the artist nature , technique , magic , guilt and suffering , are divided in this story between Jacoby and La^utner .
But in_general the European efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself .
The horrifying humor , the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone_wrong , the monstrous image of the fat man dressed_up as a whore dressing_up as a baby ; the epiphany of that quivering flesh ; the bringing_together around it of the secret liaison between indolent , mindless sensuality and sharp , shrewd talent , cleverness with an occasional touch of genius ( which , however , does not know `` how to attack the problem of suffering '' ) ; the miraculous way in which music , revelation and death are associated in a single instant - all this seems a triumph of art , a rather desperate art , in itself ; beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann 's work .
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World - the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated - the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America - the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso - the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art - the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms .
`` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ?
The phonograph today , for all its high_fidelity and stereophonic sound , is precisely what the early art purveyors in the movies wished to make of the camera .
Consider couples visiting an art museum .
I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection .
You could n't on_the_one_hand decry the arts and at_the_same_time practice them , could you ?
About that same time John_Crosby 's TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing_space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do .
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only_if this standard is observed .
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct .
In Plato 's judgment , the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young , prior to the full development of their intellectual powers .
`` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art .
Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form .
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission .
It is as large as all_of art , interdependent , varied , multitudinous '' .
And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written .
In_fact , I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art .
Their meditations were approaching a violent cusp that would shape Martian art for many millennia .
With classical art , all is settled .
We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts .
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken_into_account .
Is n't all art ambiguous ?
It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English , history , psychology and_so_on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior_design , as are the art_teachers educated in the academic subjects .
The South 's antipathy to Northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners , harsh accents , lack of appreciation of the arts of living like gastronomy and the use of leisure .
The monk Savonarola , brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn_of_the_century , protests against the luxurious works displayed in the art shop of M._Bluthenzweig ; in particular against a Madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled , according_to gossip , upon the painter 's mistress .
The late R._G._Collingwood , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` We are all , though many_of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue , or even Shakespeare and Titian .
For better or worse we cannot regard `` imitation '' in the arts in the simple mode of classical rationalism or detached realism .
Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art ?
There is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' .
That 's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation .
