He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air .
Oh , he was being queer and careful , pawing about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm .
His arm moved swiftly , violently , once , twice .
Now , Mis-ter_McBride '' , said Lord , and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field boss 's arm .
With a bold arm , he dared once_more to obstruct them .
They often fail , however , to develop real abdominal , back , chest , shoulder and arm strength .
In a confused , soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms , the two men were dragged into the same skiff .
The Indian 's arm whipped sidewise - there was a flash of amber and froth , the crash of the bottle shattering against the side of the first car .
Killpath leaned forward again , rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee .
Put your arms around him '' .
She turned and put her arms around his neck .
Harry_Hawk had not shifted position , but he at_last lowered his arm .
She fell_asleep leaning_on her hand , hearing the house creaking as_though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years , hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm .
He drew_back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess 's face , but did n't finish the motion .
White 's arm went_up and Warren raised his own .
And when he was alone again in the cabin , Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept , for he knew full well what must be done , what in_the_end would be done .
He swayed like a drunkard , his arms milling in slow circles .
He threw his arms wide , his face shining .
I put my arm carefully around him .
My parents ' welcoming arms would seem woeful , inadequate , unwanted .
He waved his arm around at the furnishings .
Alex explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him , attempting to hide the protuberance at his left side behind Alex 's arm and back .
Killpath pulled one thin leg up , clamping his arms around the shinbone to press his knee into an incredibly scrawny gut .
But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell .
All the while she sat there , her sinewy arms swirled before her chest .
A second twitched his shirtsleeve , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm .
When Kitti was alive - and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm - she had been the center of his life .
Payne hacked at their arms .
For arm and shoulder strength a chinning_bar is recommended .
Straighten the arms slowly , this arches the back .
Thornburg patted his arm .
The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound .
Arm , shoulder , chest , upper and lower back strength will be aided with the Horse_Kick .
He was safe in his Mama 's arms .
He stood_up and touched the girl 's arm .
Chico_Ruiz made a spectacular play on Alusik 's grounder in the hole in the fourth and Wert came_up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third_base .
The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle_loader and slow firing single shot arms with modern fast firing autoloaders , extremely accurate bolt , lever , and slide_action firearms .
His arm had been giving him some trouble and Rector was not enough of a medical expert to determine whether it had healed improperly or whether Hino was simply rebelling against the tedious work in the print_shop , using the stiffness in his arm as an excuse .
Harry_Hawk still had his arm raised towards the wings .
In_spite of the hundred things he had on his mind , Winston went and put his arm around her waist .
He reached down and closed his fingers on the man 's upper arm .
She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright , like a bird alert for flight .
A man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five .
In the third Push-Pull_Super-Set the `` push '' exercise is the wide grip Pushup_Between_Bars , while the `` pull '' exercise is the Moon_Bench_Lateral_Raise with bent arms .
The purchase was effected and they made_their_way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set_up , nestling in the doctor 's arms .
It ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings - were they feathered arms ?
He did not lower his arm .
Pain shout up Curt 's arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit .
Handstands come after arms , chest and shoulders have developed at_least a minimum of strength .
The stern face would relax , the black clad arms would embrace him , `` My son '' !
