it might be pointed_out that the integrating function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings - political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic .
The economic toll that the device quack extracts is important , of_course .
If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration .
Whether any of us remain in it long will depend_on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going_on in the countries of Asia and Africa , and also of_course on how long the cold_war remains cold .
If we were creating a wholly new society , we could insist that our social , political , economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man ; best growth .
Selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem .
Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations .
The inner life of congregations will prosper so_long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; the outer life of congregations - the suitability of the environment to their survival - will be propitious so_long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership .
economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology - a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose .
recommend to the Congress from_time_to_time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of_this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with_respect_thereto ;
The Bourbon economic philosophy , moreover , is not very different from that of Northern conservatives .
This condition affects not_only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign_policy , especially in the context of economic aid .
The congregation is first_and_foremost an economic peer_group ; it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship .
In_general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account_for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood .
The_Office_of_Business_Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S._Department_of_Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .
Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so_long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no_longer keep it going .
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration .
Regardless_of rights and wrongs , a population and an area appropriate to a pre World_War_I , great_power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike .
A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; that_is , when it can preserve economic integration .
The congregation perishes when it is no_longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have_to recruit constantly in their core stratum in_order to survive ; they can lose higher - and lower status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in_order to preserve economic integration .
The key to Protestant development , therefore , is economic integration of the nucleus of the congregation .
For_example , in accordance with the fashion of the times , most transitional societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years ; such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its announcement .
Of_course , it must_not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; time and economic security ; symphony_orchestras , opera and ballet_companies ; choruses , chamber_music ensembles ; soloists ; recordings ; broadcastings ; television ; large and eager audiences .
We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers ; consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection .
In a rapidly changing society congregations will run_into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more_than a single generation .
But the eagerly sought `` homogeneity '' of the Balafrej Council_of_Government was never achieved as the Istiqlal quarreled over foreign_policy , labor politics and economic development .
While population at Fort_Garry increased rapidly , from 2417 in 1831 to 4369 in 1840 , economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate .
After_all , the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen 's comprehension and control .
Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation .
The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation .
Since American life is committed above_all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis .
And the basic character of_that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic .
If it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a_few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do .
The expense of_this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society ; nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development .
By holding_out prospects for external capital assistance , the United_States can provide strong incentives to prepare_for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth .
These proposals would go_far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in_turn , would help us to cope_with runaway technology .
Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic strivings .
These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social economic haute monde which supported the concert world of the post World_War_1 , era .
The problem in the policy officer 's mind thus begins to take_shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors - political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative - to be sorted_out and handled within a political_system which moves by consent in_relation_to an external environment which cannot be under_control .
This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking_up the wave_lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social_class nucleus of the congregation .
A blow to this phase of the Central 's operations would have serious economic consequences not_only to the railroad itself , but to the 40000 people per day who are provided with efficient , reasonably priced transportation in_and_out of the city .
One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the Small_Business_Administration , aid community economic development programs .
And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction .
The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations .
Convinced of the wisdom of their own actions , and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs , governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort , becoming instead rigid and inflexible in their policies .
Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition .
In a mobile society , congregational health depends_on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather_than proclamation - like elements will have_to be assimilated .
Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many_of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic_policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign_exchange .
study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water ; and undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United_States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods .
Naturally this includes all communication forms , e._g. languages , or any social , political , economic or religious structures employed for such control .
