The washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to loosen the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to float off the debris and acts , to some extent , as a dissolving and solvating agent .
In_addition to the penalties provided in title 18 , United_States Code , section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with_respect_to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .
It takes a great_deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one 's world simply as a collection of sense_data arranged in such_and_such sequence and pattern , devoid_of all power to move the feelings and actions except in_so_far as they present themselves for inspection .
The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases .
Resolved that the anti slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for resolute action .
If any official operation abroad begins to go_wrong , we shall look_to the ambassador to find_out why and to get suggestions for remedial action .
We do not want policy officers below the level of Presidential appointees to concern themselves too_much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign_policy action .
It gives social guidance and direction and makes_for programs of social action .
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in_terms_of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions .
While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins ' pronouncement in Pleas_of_the_Crown from a metaphysical point_of_view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married_couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such_that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal_law as if there were no marriage .
The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked_out , but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin ( Astwood , 1954 ) .
The plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen .
Friend is off to a great start with a 4 - 0 record but is n't likely to see action here this week .
The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject_to review by the Secretary_of_State or any other official , department , agency , or establishment of the United_States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise .
Whoever , in the United_States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on_account_of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on_account_of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more_than $ 5000 or imprisoned not more_than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in_addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title .
This viewpoint has now been translated into action by the majority of people in this country .
Regarded from the outside , an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world ; regarded from the inside , it is the carrying_into_action of a certain thought .
St._Louis_U. was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington_University at Ligget_Field .
Then during washing , the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass , with the aid of mechanical action , and enter the aqueous phase .
From actions aboard , it is easy to guess that Spencer 's boast of twenty staunch followers was a modest estimate '' .
Of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect .
He shook loose straw out of the action , and placed the gun in his holster .
Trig and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out_of action ten guerrillas by grenades and hand-to-hand fighting .
We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene .
Our weapons production , our world prestige , our ideas of democracy , our actions of trust or stubbornness or secrecy or espionage ?
Cleaning or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces .
Heavily armed and mobilized as a fast moving Civil_Defense outfit , 23 operators and office personnel stand ready to move_into action at a minute 's notice '' .
An action once universally condemned by all Christian_churches and forbidden by the civil_law is now not_only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant_denominations , but also deemed , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty .
When he had left , I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles , laughingly , with a thick index_finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action , not bothering to look .
Using Edgerton 's method , the fast closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires .
As a possible course of action , it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions .
It poured out of him like an electric_current , a feeling that the muscles and nerves of his fine drawn body were coiling for action , and that that action would be all that he anticipated .
The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with_respect_to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim .
In_fact , the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding , and thus in_this instance , science has momentarily aggravated our fears .
Her action was involuntary .
Convinced of the wisdom of their own actions , and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs , governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort , becoming instead rigid and inflexible in their policies .
He had been weary ; now he felt light and gay and clear-headed , ready for the many actions he saw spreading_out before him .
`` I have heard stories '' , he writes , `` of the most terrible , the most unnatural actions , of the most monstrous murders , told with the most spontaneous , childishly merry laughter '' .
She was biting into a small red radish ; and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing .
At that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement , suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene , action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier .
At_any_rate , the substance of Eichmann 's testimony was that all his actions flowed_from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to_that_extent .
Emerson , in his lecture , refers to the `` startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight , that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before , whether dreaming or waking , a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room , and heard precisely this dialogue , at some former hour , they know not when '' .
Ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society .
Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging_to the same group as , for_instance , between reserpine and chlorpromazine .
These narratives of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers , as a rule , and later found their way between book covers , though rarely into the planters ' libraries beside the morocco bound volumes of Horace , Mr._Addison , Mr._Pope , and Sir_Walter_Scott .
No figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town .
And ( d ) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower_rank .
Carving was action .
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught .
The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of_this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year .
