If any had escaped expulsion by hiding , they certainly would not frequent the market-place .
How literature does this , or for whom , is certainly not clear , but the content , form , and language of the `` message '' , as_well_as the source , would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense_of_purpose .
Certainly every educator involved in interior_design should be a member and active in the work of one of these organizations .
It is certainly clear that the subspaces * * f are invariant under T .
Willings would ambush , certainly ; Willings undoubtedly had .
And he certainly could n't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding - yes , and credible fool he had every right to expect .
He could certainly talk .
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned , in_a_way , to commune with drunks , but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain_dance than the carrying_out of an experiment in physics .
The effect , needless to say , is almost terrifying , and though at_times a_bit obscure , the film is certainly a much needed catharsis for the `` repressed '' movie-goer .
Certainly not in Orchestra_hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago_Symphony_orchestra , playing the Brahms_Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed .
You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment - I certainly do - but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United_States not_only superior , but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U._S. - Soviet relations for the foreseeable future .
Still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one 's ideas of right and wrong ; certainly the awakened alarm over the comic_books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of_this influence .
All_of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord 's servants .
Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon .
With my gray hair and my weatherbeaten countenance I certainly looked the honest working stiff .
On_the_other_hand , Arnold 's `` The unplumbed , salt , estranging sea '' , taken in its context , certainly does so .
The strong feeling is certainly there ; but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North .
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking .
Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better .
Certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon .
Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so .
After_all , social life in the group of the bees is by_no_means general , although it certainly is a striking feature .
Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends .
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing_point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes .
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears .
Certainly , the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species .
You certainly could n't take them into the little apartment and if you tried to farm them out for two or three days every_week they would become so confused that they would have nervous_breakdowns .
Such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public_press of mid Victorian England .
The shelves looked emptier than when Miss_Celie had shown her the storeroom , and since the men from the Commissary had called ; there were certainly now fewer mouths to feed but there was less to feed them with .
Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible .
Certainly , she would n't dare ask her father afterward .
Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov_Festival in August , 1916 , will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; and it is not unlikely that , even as the great Bach lay_dormant for so many years , so has the erudite , ingenious SalFininistas passed_through his `` purgatory '' of neglect .
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support .
Certainly , America took Prokofieff and his Classical_Symphony seriously , and with a good_deal of pleasure .
The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even_though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way .
Tone_systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest , and often analytically more difficult than much larger consonantal_systems .
I did n't offer any advice , but I certainly did not want to go_back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out .
Certainly , it is the traditional clarity of his music which has endeared him to the Western World - not his experimentations .
This may just be pride in my adopted State_of_Washington , but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August , when the bees are in their most active period .
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand_out quite clearly .
That would certainly be paradoxical .
He might deny the latter ; would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder .
Without saying so , she was really grateful ; for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought_of the duties she would have as Bobby_Joe 's wife .
In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good .
Afraid at one_and_the_same time that his work might be turned_down - which would be a blow to his pride even_though no_one knew he was the author - and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in_spite_of himself .
( `` I certainly was not at the Dumont last night and my husband could n't have been .
However , as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes , these data must be taken tentatively ; final conclusions will have_to await the measurements of broods from definite localities .
His fellow countryman , Igor Stravinsky , certainly did not .
Not George , Townley , or Ted , certainly not Ludie .
The church certainly would not be removed .
