Considering that the current school age potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many_more to reach .
There is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education .
The company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late twenties , neither having a formal education applicable to , or experience in , manufacturing or selling our type of articles .
Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education .
State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities .
Nor have we remembered that in the melting_pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material .
I should_like to underline four points I made in my first report with respect_to vocational education .
One of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide .
In this respect , public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts .
`` A person with a master's_degree in physics , chemistry , math or English , yet who has not taken Education courses , is not permitted to teach in the public_schools '' , said Grover .
For a moment she thought_of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied_away_from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as_well_as mind .
There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school_boards in existing programs .
Mr._Bates shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable havoc .
No comparable measures are available of enrollments and expenditures for private vocational education training .
Annual authorizations of $ 15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians .
The `` distributive education '' program operates in_a_similar_way , with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields .
Therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high_school described in my first report .
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students .
In Plato 's judgment , the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young , prior to the full development of their intellectual powers .
Under pressure from parents , the majority of Brooklyn_College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans - limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours .
It is true that New_England , more_than any other section , was dedicated to education from the start .
Today , Federal funds account_for only one-fifth of the nation 's expenditures for vocational education .
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial_aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools .
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G._I. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that_is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate .
One or two of the schools have a five year curriculum , but the usual pattern of American education has limited most of them to the four year plan which seems to be the minimum in acceptable institutions .
We must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior_design who have had education , experience in the profession and are willing to take_on the usual accompaniments of teaching - minimal income and minimal status among their confreres .
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad_hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment_training_programs that my be quickly set_up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .
the effectiveness of health and safety education and training ;
For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties .
Planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained_workers .
One solution is the acquisition of degrees in education but it is a poor substitute .
A veteran Jackson_County legislator will ask the Georgia_House Monday to back federal aid to education , something it has consistently opposed in the past .
Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry .
Following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by OEP director Dr._Julian_Smith , today thousands of secondary_schools , colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical_education and recreation programs .
During World_War 2 , about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities : ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense , and ( 2 ) War Production Training .
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today .
The apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis , usually at night , perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high_school .
The architects do not believe that the education of the interior_designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that , therefore , the interior_designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building .
Constitutional government , popular vote , trial by jury , public education , labor_unions , cooperatives , communes , socialized ownership , world_courts , and the veto power in world_councils are but a_few examples .
Among them , according to the U._S. Department_of_Commerce , are : ( 1 ) shorter work_weeks , ( 2 ) higher pay , ( 3 ) longer paid_vacations , ( 4 ) better transportation , ( 5 ) earlier retirement , and ( 6 ) more education .
Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather_than specific skills ought_to bear_in_mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience .
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses .
SAAMI 's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education .
If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have_to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states .
First , the girl 's education has a lower priority than the son 's .
Dr._Clark has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high_schools , as teacher and athletic director at Raymondville_,_Texas_,_High_School , as an instructor at the University_of_Oklahoma , and as an associate_professor of education at Fort_Hays_,_Kan._,_State_College .
The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes_Act , which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $ 7 million to support , on a matching basis , state administered programs of vocational education in agriculture , trades , industrial skills and home_economics .
Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above_all , how progress in each field relates to national progress .
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round_tables , workshops or panel_discussions - whatever they are called - on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled_down crux_of_the_matter is education .
Rep._Mac_Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided_that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds .
