The development of the Andrena larvae is very rapid , so that by the end of spring they have already pupated and become adults .
On this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture , architecture , society , and politics ; for the developments in these areas make_sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself .
Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in_sight and requests it .
Convinced of the wisdom of their own actions , and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs , governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort , becoming instead rigid and inflexible in their policies .
In_addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog .
Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times - granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside - are correct ; but all_too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took_place in the early first millennium .
- Approximately 45 % of the expenditures for the Department_of_Defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs .
We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call_for effort as_well_as enthusiasm .
Efforts such_as the Community_Development_Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development .
There have been , indeed , many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful .
The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise .
Developments up_to about 1957 have been discussed by Sonenberg ( 1958 ) .
Consultation with architects , clients , real_estate men , fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work .
Companies of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and efficiencies - in modern equipment and new processes , enlarged R_+_D facilities , faster new product development .
This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program , the New_York staff of the Sportsmen's_Service_Bureau , and the SAAMI shooting_preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954 .
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department_of_Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of_this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation .
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more_than $ 75000000 in_all , ( a ) to carry_out the provisions of_this Act during the fiscal_years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ( b ) to finance , for not more_than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; and ( c ) to finance , for not more_than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round_out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject_to the approval of the Secretary_of_State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign_policy objectives of the United_States , be expended in_cooperation_with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United_States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United_States for the use of the United_States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United_States .
When necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold_war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not_only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development .
The Small_Business_Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .
No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them .
These examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology .
However , I am recommending that development work on the B-70 air-frame and engines be continued .
It speeds muscle growth and power development even for the advanced bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately , thus enabling a massive , concentrated effort to be focused_on each .
The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion .
However , a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments , or to provide additional stream frontage for a fisherman 's trail , or include scenic strips within the park unit .
To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth century philosophy .
The continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the ever growing need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand .
A number of other nineteenth century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law_of_nations into international_law ; that_is , from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states .
The shooting development program of the Sporting_Arms_and_Ammunition_Manufacturers_'_Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national weeklies and the trade papers .
There is some evidence that naturally occurring goitrogens may play a role in the development of goitre , particularly in Tasmania and Australia ( Clements and Wishart , 1956 ) .
The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in_arrears , and the real_estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming_in , and that none would be sold to colored folk .
Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries , art films , and travelogues , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama , the movies are at_heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short_story .
An important recent trend is the development of area vocational_schools .
The decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such_as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic_devices .
Not always , though , does the development of a bumblebee colony take_place in the smooth fashion we have just described .
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in_order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ;
With the advent of Sir_Arthur_Conan_Doyle 's Sherlock_Holmes , the development of the modern private_detective begins .
The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not_only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality , sociality , and creativeness .
In 1959 SAAMI 's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports .
It is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious_disease agents by scientific research and development , resulting in the production of BW weapons_systems .
As a source of investment capital , the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural_areas .
In Plato 's judgment , the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young , prior to the full development of their intellectual powers .
These publications , written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses , indirectly aid in community development programs .
A site may be a rundown slum or a desolate piece of desert in appearance today but have excellent potentials for the future with a_little development or water .
As stated earlier in the paper , Onsets and Completions - particularly the former - provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development , each within a limited age period .
Some weapons_systems have become obsolescent while still in production , and some while still under development .
His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him .
In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; and so they were consistently true to their principles .
Other THC activities followed , conducted by shopping_centers , department_stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio - TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related_to hunting and wise use of our natural_resources .
cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the United_States , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of_this Act will be served thereby ;
