Over the door was a board with large , inept lettering :
Now he was certain : the lock had not yielded to Muller 's collection of keys ; fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open .
A somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine , who used_to often seclude herself in her room , often sounded through the closed door - as I would find on passing_by , between our sessions - for_all_the_world like two persons , a scolding mother and a defensive child .
At that moment the bathroom door flew_open and Eugene came_out , with his face lathered for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying the sash of his dressing_gown as he went .
Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door .
He saw the sign above the door of the hut : Home_Sweet_Home .
Giselle was reluctant but Alex succeeded in persuading her to come_back in five minutes and the door was shut again .
Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door .
`` Is n't enough time to go into it '' , he finished , and slammed the door in his son 's face .
He did n't , but it was not really a question , and so he left the room , walked down the hall to the front of the apartment , hesitated , and then knocked lightly on the closed door of the study .
Without taking_off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door .
But he recalled that Rameau had once had a private performance of his opera Armide , behind closed doors , just for himself alone .
The monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception : `` I speak English '' , the old_man said , `` but I do not hear it very_well '' .
Someone blocked the door from inside .
Russell had reached the house as Cook surmised , dismounted , but just as the old trapper opened the door to receive him , he fell into the trapper 's arms - dead .
Her skin crawled : Lolotte had told Maude that she was in the hall and the door was open .
He did n't even bother to wipe himself off and he chopped part of Pa 's door down before he stopped .
He was promised that no harm would befall him if he would come_out , but he cursed and replied that he would shoot any man coming_near the door .
Phil shut the door behind him .
When McFeeley was halfway to the door , the proprietor emerged - a mountainous , dark man , his head thick_with resiny black hair , his eyes like two of the black_olives he imported in boatloads .
Resignedly , Macklin turned to the back door .
But Johnson could n't quickly unwire the truck door , and if I escaped , he might suffer .
Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulder , and pulled him into the barn .
All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder .
The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell 's the_matter with you ? ''
The doors of the D train slid shut , and as I dropped into a seat and , exhaling , looked up across the aisle , the whole aviary in my head burst into song .
Bobby_Joe took a gun from behind the door , and with a quick `` Bye_now '' was gone for the day .
Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door .
Gun went to the connecting door , which was open , and stood at attention while Orville_Torrence_Killpath , in full uniform , finished combing his hair .
As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself ; if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien , her husband .
He opened the inner door ; the cooking odors were stronger - all_over the city , at this hour , housewives would be fussing over stoves .
Johnson unwired the right_hand door , whose window was , like the left one , merely loosely taped fragments of glass , and Johnson wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer .
Someone opened the corridor door from the inside , and called_for a doctor .
Once the door was open , they crowded him inside the dark building .
She was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed .
She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder .
At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille_de_chambre to return in ten minutes .
Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door .
Every path from back door to barn was covered by a grape-arbor , and every yard had its fruit_trees .
He reached_out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt .
The door of the lockup was of oak planks and banded with strap iron .
His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him .
As he pushed open the door he fell on his face , one of his comrades pulling him inside .
She took a good look at herself in the mirror before she turned and , walking with very small steps , started toward the door .
Miss_Celie 's taken to her bed , with the door locked .
It should be installed over a door that is in_full_view of everyone , and a chair should be placed under it , a_little to one side .
Now she could let out the three parakeets without_fear they would be stepped_on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors ; she could dust the plants , then break_off suddenly and pick_up an old novel and read from the middle on ; improvise cha-chas on the harp ; and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as_well_as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire .
He beckoned to her from the door and she slipped quietly outside .
Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile , she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door , open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall .
In their search for what turned_out to be the right breakfast china but the wrong table silver , they opened every cupboard door in the kitchen and pantry .
