The attempt had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood .
He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a large vein under its wing , let the blood gush into Michelangelo 's injured eye .
The adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade .
The physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence , and the cut edge is joined physically , by cement , to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence .
Hans cut the foil off finally and unscrewed the cap .
The filler panels for the gable_ends are cut from full * * f sheets as shown , leaving no wastage .
Among the particular gems in_this collection is the impudent opening song of `` The Garrick Gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that followed ; Dorothy_Loudon 's raucous listing of the attractions `` At the Roxy Music_Hall '' from `` I Married an Angel '' ; and the incisive style with which Charlotte_Rae delivers the top-drawer Hart lyrics of `` I Blush '' , a song that was cut from `` A Connecticut_Yankee '' .
Cut hole in base for cork stopper .
Cut a strip of clay for sides long enough and wide enough for three impressions of mold design .
Cut beveled edge on the long sides of clay at a 45 ` angle to miter corners .
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired .
Root and stem tumors from sweet_clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid_nitrogen , embedded in ice , and cut at 3 - 6 | m in a cryostat maintained at - 16 ` to - 20 ` .
The best results will be obtained by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate .
He still points an accusing finger at_all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat .
When B ' dikkat cut the head from Mercer 's thigh , he felt the knife grinding against the cartilage which held the head to his own body .
Place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position .
Barton 's men cut the telegraph_wires in half_a_dozen places , carrying_away whole sections to make repairs more difficult .
When cut , the planking is clamped in_place for a final and careful trimming .
They 'd cut their mothers ' belly open .
Use mold to cut four side pieces .
The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he 'd cut her with a boot cleat , and maybe she saw him heaving it again , the dirty sock popping_out as it flew .
Do n't fail to shorten cooking time by the use of aluminum_foil cut slightly larger than the surface of steaks and chops .
If doubtful about a steak , boldly cut it in half .
All the bars are cut from * * f brass .
These blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit .
He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face .
Although the Administration 's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934 , farmers , with the help of extra fertilizer and good_weather , are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines .
Hudson deposed Juet and cut his pay .
Farm_workers had their wages cut almost in half .
The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly_sensitive problem of cutting the state 's congressional_districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat .
On C there is a * * f correspondence in_which the * * f points cut from C by a general line , l , of the pencil correspond to the point_of_intersection of the image of l and the plane of the pencil .
Do avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them .
Competition from other steamship_lines has cut Cunard 's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the Atlantic run .
For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply_officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters_staff accordingly .
He hit Roberts with his left fist in the ribs and the razor cut toward him feebly , then wobbled in mid-air .
Never mind how much I cut it , how much I get '' , and he smiled his sleepy smile again .
A belowground basement can cut the fallout radiation to one tenth of the outside level .
To light industry , the economies of being on one floor are much slighter , but efficiency_engineers usually believe_in them , and manufacturers looking_for ways to cut costs cannot be prevented from turning_to efficiency_engineers .
He had promised cheaper housing : arbitrarily he cut all rents in half , whether the landlord was a millionaire speculator or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room .
Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially .
Within a year , without reducing wages , Underwood 's production_costs were cut one third , prices were slashed .
As a result , distribution_costs were cut , customer relations improved .
Phil_Rossoff cut over to center from left_field to get the relay .
Before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face , he slammed his right fist into Roberts ' belly .
This will cut the expense of vacation replacements .
Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately .
She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below .
The act , cut to shreds and hastily patched together during the afternoon , had not been rehearsed sufficiently by anyone .
Sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owner 's earnings , even into his capital .
The expense ( operating ) budget is to be a program budget , and red_tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the Mayor approving ) in fund transfers within a department .
