Cool air moving slowly through the open or smashed out side windows hinted of blooming roadside vegetation , and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat .
Air drifts from one area to another are , therefore , conceivable .
It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air .
The best chance , of_course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth .
The second capability is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement .
Inflow of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2 .
For_example , bright sunlight is rapidly destructive for living microorganisms suspended in air .
Since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net .
Underneath the big one , in the silent moonlight , lay a dead pigeon , and on the smaller bell , the Clemence , two gray and white birds slept huddled_together in the cold winter air .
New_York lay bleaching in the summer sun , and the morning fish_hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan_Island .
The usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent ; the place had the air of a morgue .
A 6 - year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed .
The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density .
There was an air of revolt about the children - even irreverence for their own principles .
Howard , who had been sitting against the wall , said he needed more fresh air , and took the spot on the edge of the porch where Bobby_Joe had been sitting .
`` This afternoon let 's take an air with them .
For protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5 ` C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline .
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air .
He then pushes his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over .
The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air .
The burning air dried his sweat soaked clothes in salt edged patches .
She was so beautiful with her rosy mouth and haughty air that she had to be wicked .
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant .
Or you could wish your daddy would really do it - kill Gratt_Shafer like he said when you all_the_time , all_along , could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night .
To reduce heat transfer from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the region of the arc , a carbon shield was attached to the surface providing an air gap of 1/16 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder .
It also cools the air in summer and nourishes the trees and wildlife .
Also , interlobular air drifts may be all_but nonexistent in the cow ; probably occur in the horse much_as in the human_being ; and , in contrast are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent ( Van_Allen and Lindskog , ' 31 ) .
At_first_glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ?
Theoretically , they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air ( Ghoreyeb and Karsner , ' 13 ) or from pulmonary arterial blood ( Comroe , ' 58 ) .
`` I think by the end of next week he could get_out in the air a_little .
He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air .
Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs .
There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are_born at the end of an ancestral line long_since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact .
The clammy air revived him .
He conjures herds of deer , and wild birds crowding the air .
This air of disengagement carried_over to his apparent attitude toward his things , and people often mistook it for boredom in him or a surrender to repetitious routine .
When the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes_hold under both sides of the pelvis ; then no_matter_what_happens , the child 's performance will be controlled .
After the storm , the sky cleared blue and cool , and fragrant air swept the hills .
The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window_sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting_out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass_through a whole house , visible all_the_way up through wire gratings on each floor .
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air .
Argon was also blown at low velocities ( mass flow_rate **f ) through a tube coaxial with the cathode as an additional precaution against contamination of the arc by air .
The figure leapt from the box , almost lost its balance , the flag draped there tore in the air , the figure landed on its left leg , fell on its hands , and pressed itself up .
There was the smell of the coast , like a primeval memory , composed of equal parts salt_water , clams , seaweed and northern air .
A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung , high in the air , from a docked steamship .
There was the suggestion of ice_water , and - in_spite of the protest `` We 're not really thirsty '' - Linda_Kay , to escape the stuffy air and the smothering soft voices , hurried to the kitchen .
Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought_of Simms_Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air .
A scant half_mile away Shelley and Mary were doubtless sitting on their diminutive terrace , the air about them scented with stock , and listening to the nightingale who had nested in the big lime_tree at the foot of the garden .
But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come_down bathed , brushed , and taking_breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so_to_speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value .
Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking_in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds .
When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a_few minutes , sucking_in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears .
The doctor , he noticed , was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs , but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well .
He also had , at_times , an uncanny absent-minded air like a sleepwalker ; he would look right through you while you were talking to him , and if you said , `` For_Christ's_sake , Donald , you 've got Prussian_blue all_over your shirt '' , he would smile , and nod , and an hour later the paint would be all_over his pants as_well .
It should provide not less_than 5 cubic_feet per minute of air per person .
So you sit in the car and listen to the air run_out and listen to the rain and see the mud in_front_of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator_pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old_maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help .
In this heavy air , however , that device did not seem to help .
The air took_on a special strength now that they 'd left the fecund warmth of the farmland behind .
The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees , and silence was a weight , almost palpable , in the air .
We have ample light when the sun sets ; the temperature of our homes is independent of the seasons ; we fly through the air , although gravity pulls us down ; the range of our voice ignores distance .
In the lower center rack an 8 - channel recorder indicates the percentage of carbon_dioxide and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one lung , the total volume of inhalation per breath , the flow of air from both lobes , and the pressure of the two lobes with_respect_to each_other .
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex 's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle_hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets .
A flame would use_up air .
