`` Hip-pocket '' tactics are going_to be harder to apply .
He had the hardest pains of growing before him now , as he approached twelve .
He was an honest man doing a hard job , and the implication that he was anything else was unbearable .
In_addition , many of the hard surface cleaners used for walls and woodwork had their genesis in trisodium_orthophosphate , which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products .
It is dull business , detecting , and hard on feet .
The phrase `` consent of the governed '' needs a hard look .
She stood_up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of Stowey coming_in or going_out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in_a_moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests .
The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone .
They possessed no outer fortifications , no hard shells of confidence ; they had enough difficulty getting from day to day , let_alone having an awful crime thrust upon them .
Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in_sight and requests it .
You 're pretty hard on him '' .
And a pane_of_glass is n't hard to '' -
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it .
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent , yellow-brown , hard , friable plaques along its entire course , and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries .
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each_week from West_Germany , but the hard truth , says Crossman , is that `` The closing_off of East_Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East_German , as distinct from Russian , troops was a major Communist victory , which dealt West_Berlin a deadly , possibly a fatal , blow .
But men willing to sail at_all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find .
`` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it 's hard when you do n't marry someone with your own background '' .
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in_reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them .
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise .
These would be his hardest years , she knew , and he missed his father desperately .
Plays more highly formalized than `` Waiting_for_Godot '' , `` Endgame '' , and `` Krapp 's_Last_Tape '' would be hard to find .
Jim_Gentile bounced a hard shot off Kunkel 's glove and beat it out for a single , and when Lumpe grabbed the ball and threw it over first_baseman Throneberry 's head Brandt took third and Gentile second on the error .
Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of farm life .
It was the only thing about her that was the_least_bit hard to remember .
`` That 's a lot of hard earned money to lose '' , he says today .
She would sometimes even get a_little hard on you , she took you so seriously .
The problems of hard surface cleaning are not nearly as complex .
Hired , hard lackeys of the Warmongering Capitalists .
It is no harder to raise big , healthy , blooming plants than weak , sickly little things ; in_fact it is easier .
She smiled at Winston , and he saw the hateful hard glitter in her eyes .
Even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt 's motel has been relatively painless ; the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming harder to find every_year .
Like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind .
If there is a moral lurking among the shenanigans , it is hard to find .
I shook him a_little harder and made some noise .
Hydroxides , orthophosphates , borates , carbonates , and silicates are important inorganic ingredients of hard surface cleaners .
Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical_chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces .
An oversimplified differentiation between soft - and hard surface cleaning lies_in the magnitude and kind of surface involved .
Suddenly his voice grew hard .
There are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard surface cleaning .
Her laugh was hard .
These hard surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28 .
It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' .
Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family_business which , though it was allied to art of a kind - the design and production of engraved seals - bore no relation to the painting of pictures .
Through 1911 and 1912 , as the Cubist facet-plane 's tendency to adhere to the literal surface became harder and harder to deny , the task of keeping the surface at arm's_length fell all the more to eye-undeceiving contrivances .
A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings '' .
Berlin 's resilience is amazing , but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be hard indeed '' .
Indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active_agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard surface cleaning formulation .
It is a flavor that might take a_little getting used_to - not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits .
In a rapidly changing society congregations will run_into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more_than a single generation .
It 's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods .
