Her quarters were on the right as you walked into the building , and her small front_room was clogged with heavy furniture - a big , round , oak dining_table and chairs , a buffet , with a row of unclaimed letters inserted between the mirror and its frame .
Once there had been big glittering rooms where Ulanys bowed and kissed the ladies ' hands as they flirted from behind their fans .
Rep._James_Cotten of Weatherford insisted that a water_development bill passed by the Texas House_of_Representatives was an effort by big cities like Dallas and Fort_Worth to cover_up places like Paradise , a Wise_County hamlet of 250 people .
When all has been said , however , the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing .
Afterwards I learned that Eileen had called Thelma on the telephone and made a big scene about Thelma trying to take her husband away .
Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall .
At each angle of its pitch a big skylight had been fitted into the roof and all these skylights were fitted with systems of multiple screens and shades .
Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds .
While accounts of the progress of the tsunami came_in from various points in the Pacific ( Midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water ) , the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military_services and the police that the first big wave would arrive_at Honolulu at 23_:_30 Greenwich_time .
He was awful angry because he 'd thought Ma was going_to do something big , something heroic even , especially for her .
Camping is big and getting bigger .
He can even be a mild voiced little town guy with big town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini could n't figure_out , how it is unlocked .
His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined , and when he laughed he showed his teeth , which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown .
Homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway , instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart , while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments .
Before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you 'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a veteran !
He stepped inside Jess 's guard and landed two blows to the big man 's belly , putting everything he had behind them .
It was still a very big world , despite all the modern cant to_the_contrary .
He was a big thick beefy violent man .
For it is such a distinguished place , with such fine works_of_art and such a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture .
When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty .
The tulips and the big pink peonies had been blooming along the drive , and he had walked up from the bus almost singing .
`` Arianist '' ! a rowdy with a big blob of a nose roared .
The penalty for this is noticeable in the big , bold , brilliant , but brassy piano sounds in Melody_and_Percussion_for_Two_Pianos ( SP 44007 ) .
When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest , locked the two big hasps and secured the additional chain , tied the fly of the tent , and picked_up the cash box , he moved_up the darkening street .
Compare the vast difference in scope and beauty between his neat and witty little Classical_Symphony and his big , muscular , passionate , and eloquent Fifth_Symphony ; or the Love_for_Three_Oranges ( gay as it is ) with the wonderful , imaginative , colorful , and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet , The Stone_Flower .
Scherer also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a double , Len_Boehmer also was 4 - for - 5 with two doubles and Dave_Ritchie had a home_run and a triple .
It is no harder to raise big , healthy , blooming plants than weak , sickly little things ; in_fact it is easier .
One of the script 's big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today .
Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package .
It had been a big battle , and the Confederate forces had won .
Paradise lost to the alleged water needs of Texas ' big cities Thursday .
Print it in real big letters , an ' I can cipher it out later '' .
He called_in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston .
That first entry there is the Vermont_Flumenophobe , the earliest and one of the most successful of my eighty-three varieties - great big scapulars and hardly any primaries at_all .
But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local levels ; and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies .
Or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house , a Van_Rensselaer bride from way upstate near Albany , from Rensselaerwyck .
The fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are uneconomical , that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown , and that even highly suburbanized cities will support only so many big branches .
All sizes : big ones , some wired to set_off a whole field , little ones , hand_grenade size .
Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked_in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on ' em .
That 's a big step toward a modern state .
Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks .
They got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the coosie 's fire , rolled and lighted brown paper cigarettes , lounged_about .
`` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at_least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right_away unless there was a police_investigation '' .
He had gotten stuck_with a job too big for his imagination ; he had to cling_to routine , tested procedures .
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished .
Maris is in_line for a big raise .
Big and dark , a melting , golden brown .
From there it looked_across at Westchester_County and the Hudson_River where the manor_houses , estates , and big farms of the original ( non Indian ) landowners began .
There was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; in an instant the doctor was stalking across the room with an antique ledger in his hands , thoroughly eared and big as a table_top .
She stood there , a large old_woman , smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son .
