We speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting , but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in_spite_of the lack of direction from the environment .
The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is_released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved .
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only_if this standard is observed .
Their social_status was achieved in some cases by birth , as with Washington , Jefferson and Jay ; in others by business and professional acumen , as with Franklin and Adams , or , in Hamilton 's case , by an influential marriage .
If he thus achieves a lyrical , dreamlike , drugged intensity , he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work - Allen_Ginsberg 's `` Howl '' is a striking example of_this tendency - that is disoriented , Dionysian but without depth and without Apollonian control .
From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know .
And Zen_Buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release .
Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience .
The movement to end Negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after_that year until , as a result of the Civil_War , emancipation was achieved .
The following possibilities exist for achieving this : 1 .
The government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics , and this policy attracts experimenters who sometimes put Moliere 's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results .
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following .
Many styles have perforations and an almost weightlessness achieved via unlined leathers .
However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' .
Progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources , human and material , can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted .
During the Civil_War , Custer , who achieved a brilliant record , was made brigadier_general at the age of 23 .
His strong opposition to the transfer of Negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood , in the interest of integration , will be attacked by Negro leaders who have fought for , and achieved , this open or permissive enrollment .
The Denverite has worked_out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center .
In arguing in this way , we are obviously taking for granted that a demythologized restatement of the kerygma can be achieved ; and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set_forth reasons to justify such a conviction .
Having ( through my unflagging effort and devotion ) achieved stardom , a fortune and a world-renowned wife at an age when most young_men are casting their first vote , Letch proceeded to neglect them all .
Early Chinese anchoritism was theoretically aimed at a mystic pantheist union with the divine , personal salvation being achieved when the mystical recluse united with divine essence .
In one of these , an exploding wire device to study systems thermodynamically up_to 6000 * * f and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved .
Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing_in the growth and control of my business , coupled with raising my family .
But far from being concerned about whether or not Russia will have achieved Utopia by 1980 , the world is watching Moscow today primarily for clues as to whether or not there will be nuclear Armageddon in the immediate future .
It may be , of_course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in_favor_of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world - the absence of Soviet Communist power .
And in its engineers ' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super high_fidelity '' .
When they fall_by_the_wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature , it is an indictment of the Church .
- An unusual flavor can be achieved by marinating the franks in French_dressing or a mixture of honey , lemon_juice and brown_sugar prior to the picnic .
Time , of_course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose .
Several related tasks must be carried_out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved .
Of_course , it must_not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; time and economic security ; symphony_orchestras , opera and ballet_companies ; choruses , chamber_music ensembles ; soloists ; recordings ; broadcastings ; television ; large and eager audiences .
The accumulated information on this point shows that first intercourse , even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty , is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman .
Examples are in public utilities , making military aircraft and accessories , or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by_any_means other_than the corporate form , e._g. constructing major airports or dams .
The idol of the hackers , of_course , is Ray_Ainsley , who achieved a 19 in the United_States_Open .
Miss_Schwarzkopf and her excellent pianist , John_Wustman , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition .
First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per_se cannot take economic leadership .
This is true only if a very wide grip is used and only when the greatest possible stretch is achieved .
With the first of a group of historical novels , The_Charles_Men_(_Karolinerna ) , published in 1897_-_8 , he achieved the masterpiece of his career .
Certainly no other seven American statesmen from any later period achieved so_much in so concentrated a span of years .
`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do_well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .
Hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness .
By holding_out prospects for external capital assistance , the United_States can provide strong incentives to prepare_for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth .
To achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed - not_only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect .
If THE Dominican_Republic achieves free , democratic government , it will be_due in large part to the U._S. show of force that enabled President_Balaguer to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship .
A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere .
Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals .
An important observation of Pavlov served as a guide_post to achieve such a reversibility by physiological means .
Open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals .
This idea , which occurs in both Tatian and Cyprian , fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus ' theology ; for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ .
Changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell .
