We all believe that toward acts or effects of a certain kind one attitude is fitting and another not ; but on the theory before us such a belief would not make_sense .
It is possible that certain mutational forms may be produced such_as antibiotic resistant strains .
They were asked to vote `` true '' if they thought they had seen him make the error , `` false '' if they thought he had not ; and `` cannot say '' if they were not certain .
- Syllables are linguistic_units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but , as has been noted , are consonantal under certain circumstances , and which may or may not be combined with preceding and / or following consonants or combinations of consonants .
And yet - a year to a child is an eternity , and in the memory that phase of one 's being - a certain mental landscape - will seem to have endured without beginning and without end .
In the present work whole sera have been fractionated by chromatography on DEAE-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by Sober and Peterson , and certain chemical and serological properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the ABO and Rh systems have been described .
In your opinion , who is this E._Andrews on the ' certain ' list `` ?
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected .
Committee approval of Gov._Price_Daniel 's `` abandoned property '' act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers .
With troops dispersed on fields_of_battle rather than on the parade_ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication .
Just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting , unless the position serves the design of the whole composition .
To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements .
In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares .
Furthermore , a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties .
This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying_out certain transactions involving real_property unless they come into agreement with the Committees_on_Armed_Services of the Senate and the House_of_Representatives .
The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable .
It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel .
Now he was certain : the lock had not yielded to Muller 's collection of keys ; fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open .
It is not often realized to_what_degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few .
It is almost certain that some of these , usually a_trifle smaller than the honeybees , are andrenas or mining_bees .
Besides , it 's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as Durer went_to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna '' .
It is appropriate to call_attention_to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal_gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation .
Furthermore , Dr._Calderone says , a certain number of docile , retiring men always have been around .
An action once universally condemned by all Christian_churches and forbidden by the civil_law is now not_only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant_denominations , but also deemed , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty .
Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as_well .
Certain other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted_Gross_Income .
`` In_addition_to the usual tools , I make constant use of cleansing tissue , not_only to wipe my brushes , but to mop_up certain areas , to soften edges , and to open_up lights in dark washes .
It was not as_though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years , not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle_Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil ; that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages , two births , one divorce ) , Christmas and Easter_cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years .
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in_that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) .
She had caught him off_guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster .
These opportunities are to be found in certain cities in such crafts as auto_mechanics , carpentry , drafting , electrical_work , tool-and-die_work , and sheet-metal work .
Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure , some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes .
It might be that certain people were_born with a compulsion to complicate their lives , while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely , like lizards in the sun , too indolent to blink their eyes .
You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment - I certainly do - but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United_States not_only superior , but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U._S. - Soviet relations for the foreseeable future .
With each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter t between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points .
Regarded from the outside , an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world ; regarded from the inside , it is the carrying_into_action of a certain thought .
Small areas that are n't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop .
The knowledge in_virtue_of_which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events '' .
It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep wakefulness cycle .
It places certain values at_least beyond questioning and tampering .
On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes .
The mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with non-enzymatic systems in_vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine analogues ( Pitt-Rivers and James , 1958 ) .
Often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but , because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding , one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective , and the whole pattern becomes ritualized .
Like certain expensive restaurants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself .
The Man_from_Mars had interrupted him with his work half finished - and that stupid jackass Short was certain to louse_it_up .
There a certain farmhouse was a station for the Sons_of_Liberty .
In certain respects defeat increased the persistent Anglophilia of the Old_South .
It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing_up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign_policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government .
She eyed the chickens with , if she had known it , something of Glendora 's dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs .
When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance of deja_vu , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar .
