He had picked_out this pathless trail , instead of the common one , in a moment of romantic fancy , to give them privacy on their honeymoon .
Tsunami are rare , however , in the Atlantic_Ocean ; they are far more common in the Pacific .
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in_that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) .
Both plans also prohibited common directors , officers , or employees between du_Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , on_the_one_hand , and General_Motors on_the_other .
The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in_fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations .
So_be_it - then we must embark_on a crash program for 200 - megaton_bombs of the common or hydrogen variety , and neutron_bombs , which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing .
In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies .
Everywhere within the common pattern , however , one finds local diversity ; Greek history and culture were enduringly fertilized , and plagued , by the interplay of these conjoined yet opposed factors .
We find it in that `` common way_of_life pleasing to Christ and still in_use among the truest societies of Christians '' , that_is , the better monasteries which made it easier to convert the Utopians to Christianity .
As the material at the command of the potters grew and the volume of their production increased , the local variations within a common style became more evident .
They are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in_this fatal embrace .
In common parlance they would be described as misses - misinterpreters , misunderstanders , misdirectors and kindred misdeeds .
Important considerations common to each type of shelter are :
The common codes , for religious action as_such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , bind the devotees together .
However , it is important to trace the philosophy of the French_Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former .
The apparatus used by gymnasts was once a common sight in American gyms , but about 1930 it was in_favor_of games .
Moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920 s , the dislocations of the Depression , the common ethos of Materialism everywhere , all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike_Fink and the Great_Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little_People .
In America also all_of our major religious bodies officially sanction a universalistic ethic which is reflective of our common religion .
By Nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to curbs '' .
He is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or unwisely , entrusted to his keeping .
One of my favorites is A._armata , a species very common in England , where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee .
In such a world the words `` matter '' and `` spirit '' both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all .
In their place came local variations within the common style - tentative , as_it_were , in Protogeometric products but truly distinct and sharply defined as the Geometric spirit developed .
But what a super Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud_beplastered arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes , in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy .
This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on_the_one_hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living_room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard_to the wishes of the others , and on_the_other_hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy_chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair - in_short , behaving as if I owned her room .
( The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first_name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage . )
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all_too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of .
Historically re is the formative that is employed also in republic , and al is the common suffix .
In types 1 , , 2 , and 3 , the bronchial_artery terminates in a capillary_bed shared in common with the pulmonary_artery at the level of the distal bronchiole .
Similar literary exercises were the common doings of a Christian humanist of the first two decades of the sixteenth century .
The basic mystery of dreams , which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream , is in the fact that they are original , visual continuities .
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age .
The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives .
This is a common symptom and the cause usually is pressure on the nerve leading to the affected hand .
This is brought_out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occasions in the United_States ; and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as_long_as the market_price for common lead at New_York , New_York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14 - 1 2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14 - 1 2 cents per pound and the average market_price for the month in_which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
Plate 12 illustrates four examples , which are Ripe or Late_Geometric work of common spirit but of different schools .
`` The soil is common to all men .
Let us work_through an example , and the simpler and commoner the better .
He tried defiance and openly flaunted his devotion to his half_sister , but he soon saw , as did she , that this course if persisted_in would involve them in a common ruin .
By 800 B.C. the Aegean was an area of common tongue and of common culture .
The content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition , as if a phonograph_needle were stuck in one groove ; only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over_and_over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him .
The common ultimate values , ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor .
It purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz_musicians , their aims , their problems - the tug-of-war between the `` pure '' and the `` commercial '' - and seemed a promising vehicle , for the two men shared a common interest in jazz .
My great_grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden_heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantain_lilies along the west_side of the house .
One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea .
This is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience .
Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking_to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms .
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind .
In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage , more troublesome , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate .
