Glendora flapped away .
The music drove them off , or away , and he was free to walk_on_air in a very few moments , humming and jiving within , beating the rhythm within .
Half crazed by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider 's brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us - while the horse crashed away through the brush .
With over four million American men away at war , Protestants forced their distinctive theological belief upon the general public .
Rather , it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to fatten themselves on the miseries of hundreds of thousands of Americans by robbing them of millions of dollars and luring them away from legitimate , ethical medical treatment of serious diseases .
Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so long .
They explained value judgments by explaining them away .
He unhitched his horse , walked it away , mounted , and spurred it on .
In deadly earnest , the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside , only to have most stamped_out by the women as_soon_as they hit the floor .
`` But after a time away from you & & & '' .
They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in_connection_with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home .
Nothing in_all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp , the packing away of my camp uniforms , the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world .
Adam thought_of the hutments , regiment after regiment , row after row , the thousands of huts , stretching away into the night .
That other Jew , a young_man too , had left that greatcoat behind , in a rich house , and marched away .
When he finally did he had_to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came_in .
After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` [ Dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar_as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' .
A_few key skilled_workers experienced in the company 's type of work usually must be brought_in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere .
Hub , nosing about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel 's service_entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere .
`` They do n't like it if I do anything away from home .
The area adjacent to one edge of a piece of affixed material - or simply of a painted in form - will be shaded to pry that edge away from the surface , while something will be drawn , painted or even pasted over another part of the same shape to drive it back into depth .
But it also looked_like a toad , hopping away from the light .
`` For God 's sake '' , Mike said , waving the manager away .
A slug had torn half of his stirrup guard away .
But it is our health - more precious than all the money in the world - that these modern witch_doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away .
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder .
Here the pulmonary_vein , as in type 2 , , is noted to draw away from the bronchus , and to follow a more direct , independent course to the hilum ( figs. 23 , 24 ) .
David_Cortlandt , having slept away a day and a night , came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem_River near Spuyten_Duyvil .
If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later .
Then an ambulance comes_along , and they drive Praisegod_Piepsam away .
She yanked away from him furiously .
Fritzie was on the couch reading ; Laura was sitting in an easy_chair about eight feet away .
Wherever you looked , you saw Committeemen running across the meadows , some away from the road , some toward it , some parallel to it ; and about a mile to the west a cluster of at_least fifty militia were making their way in our direction .
The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I 'd changed '' .
The man moved away .
To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority - administrative_officials and judges - be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market ; that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with .
A maximum of $ 600 per_year per student would enable many to take training away from home .
Johnson was trying to grab the wheel , though the swerve of the truck was throwing him away from_it .
He was finally found in the Bates_Hole region of Natrona_County , two counties away .
This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives .
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away .
This movement of industry away from the central_cities is not so catastrophically new as some prophets seem to believe .
She had swished away , she had been gone for a long_time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought_to stop her , pour_out the coffee , so no_one would drink it .
More than 36 other big Navy ships are no less_than a day 's sailing time away .
She twitched her leg away .
He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across_the_nation to Reno , Nev. , where his wife , former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe_Ann_Olsen , awaited .
After Mr._Jack drove away , Winston went_on looking out the window .
She stayed away for ten days .
`` She did n't really say '' - She glanced away at the floor , then swooped gracefully and picked_up one of Scotty 's slippers .
He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall .
The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental_to playing .
