Most_of these , with horrible exceptions , were conceived as is a ship , not as an attempt to quell the ocean of mankind , nor to deny its force , but as a means to survive and enjoy it .
Meanwhile , three great terrible forces were coagulating and crystallizing .
Many Americans reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russia and turned_to the repression of ideas by force .
The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission .
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $ 56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army_Reserve components during 1961 .
Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk_officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces .
Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so .
Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself .
`` There is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners .
The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density .
Hence the prime issue , as I see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature .
The purpose of this paper is to analyze one possible force which has not been treated in the literature , but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage price behavior of a_few very important industries .
Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction .
The force of the authors ' analysis ( if indeed it has any force ) can be felt by the reader , I believe , only after three questions have been successfully answered .
The European customs on which international_law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states .
These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook , independent of outside forces .
Particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no_longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed .
- This budget will provide in the fiscal_year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level - a year-end strength of 2489000 men and women in the active forces .
Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated .
By that , one feels that magnetic_forces are as general as electrical forces .
The association between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic_forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades .
To round_out the blockading force , submarines would be needed - to locate , identify and track approaching vessels .
Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On_Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic_forces with the electrical forces .
Another force flanked the company and took_up a position on a hill to the rear .
And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` In_essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower 's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling - thus_far with but limited and precarious success - to give effective voice and force to_that conservatism '' .
But in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to_it .
The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers ' minds .
Actually , there was a_lot of force in him , which is why I kept_on in that class instead of quitting after a week .
Meanwhile , other air_defense forces are being made effective , as described later in this message .
The situation in which we find ourselves is brought_out with dramatic force in Arthur_Miller 's play The_Crucible , which deals with the Salem witch trials .
It had been a big battle , and the Confederate forces had won .
Arnold 's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains , thereby bringing local rules into force .
More_than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples .
An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron_cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity .
The union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases , and wage increases to offset cost-of-living increases , but we abstract from these forces here .
In a properly ordered society the massive force of public_law performs the function which in natural_law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small_voice so often still .
These droplets are distorted by the normal forces just as a balloon would be pulled or pressed out of shape in one 's hands .
The Federal forces had taken Parkersburg and Grafton from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains .
The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men , armed with Russian machine_guns , attacked the position held by Chandler 's men .
With shout and slow dance , with tears and song , with scream and contortion , the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering , wailing , shouting , possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force .
This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state .
Since American life is committed above_all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis .
Its folklore and legend , usually disguised as history , are allowed to account_for group_actions , to provide a focal_point for group loyalty , and to become a cohesive force for national identification .
Again , a force too strong for unfrozen bodies to endure would be applied .
This and other fears of the solar_system have disappeared gradually , first , with the Ptolemaic_system and its built-in concept of periodicity and_then , more firmly , with the Newtonian innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both terrestrial and celestial motions .
But perhaps this was a part of the eternal plan , that man 's ambition when linked with God would be a driving , indefatigable force for good in the world .
There , forces are more latent than in electricity , and less than in magnetism .
By the use of various weights , data for a force rate of shear graph can be obtained .
The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference * * f and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear .
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no_more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity .
As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum , their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces , the gaps between rulers and subjects , town and country , will widen ; new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense_of_direction .
Piepsam tries to stop him by force , receives a push in the chest from `` Life '' , and is left standing in impotent and growing rage , while a crowd begins to gather .
His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean_out the Vermejo by force immediately .
One day in a bar , so the legend goes , someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monocle and broke it .
The second capability is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement .
Three requirements go_with a blockade : It must be proclaimed ; the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; and it must be enforced without discrimination .
From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the * * f calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face .
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform_to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
How old is your working force ?
On Election_Day - November 4 - he energetically marshalled his force of bludgeon men , bribers , and experts in forging repeat votes .
You have unwittingly set_in_motion forces so malign , so vindictive , that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them .
As capitalism in the 20_th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private_detective is placed in a serious dilemma .
Considering the high cost of the F-108 system - over $ 4 billion for the force that had been planned - and the time_period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project .
I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in_relation_to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .
( Note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin_point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords ) .
I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun , and to my amazement , it had fired and kicked_back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule ; and then I was adding my own voice to the crescendo of sound , hurling more vile language than I ever thought I knew , sobbing and shouting , and aware that if I had passed_water before , it was not enough , for my pants were soaking wet .
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii_of_curvature if we assume : ( A ) The surface_tension is uniform on the surface of the drop .
The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870000 men ; a Navy of 817 active ships and 619000 men ; a Marine_Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175000 men ; and an Air_Force of 91 combat wings and 825000 men .
( D ) Since the shape of the drop conforms_to the force field , it does not appreciably affect the distribution of forces in the fluid .
Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition .
Wage price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces - no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases .
The great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon_lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force , mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices ; for_example , the Crusades , mission efforts , just wars .
The experiments of Romagnosi and_others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause and effect relationship between these two primary forces .
If he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force .
Fear of the competition - always a great motivating force in the American economy - makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival 's shiny new branches .
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance .
In_order_to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such_as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .
These areas by_virtue_of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that_is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface .
( 1 ) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do .
The concept of unity , in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon - such a concept is still reserved to the physical_sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas .
