I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come_across little things going_wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them .
The ingredients of Faulkner 's novels and stories are by_no_means new with him , and most_of the problems he takes_up have had the attention of authors before him .
He turned his attention to the workbench .
He appealed_to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done .
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex 's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle_hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets .
It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti 's death , but Stanley_Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind .
Only a radical change in the nature of the population in the central_city would be likely to destroy this preference - and we must now turn our attention to the question of whether such a change , gloomily foreseen by so many urban diagnosticians , is actually upon us .
Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in_return_for some benefit they can share ?
In the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for_example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy_life regarded_as forbidden , or by half conscious ideas about the magical_power of words ?
Gun went to the connecting door , which was open , and stood at attention while Orville_Torrence_Killpath , in full uniform , finished combing his hair .
Usually , this was done when attention was diverted by someone else 's long , boring story .
But there is one in_particular which , it seems to me , deserves special attention .
Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention .
Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought - turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades .
What goes_on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church .
But the historian of literature need not confine his attention to biography or to stylistic questions of form , `` texture '' , or technique .
A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday , but attention quickly turned from Saturday 's victory to next week 's problem : Rice_University .
I said sure that was what I wanted her to do but she paid no attention .
Further evidence that Roman_Catholicism enjoys a more favorable_position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to_it in the mass_media of England .
I am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the psychotherapeutic profession to the role of literary_study in the development of conscience - most_of their attention is to a pre-literate period of life , or , for the theologians of_course , to the influence of religion .
He stroked the hens and they responded with delighted clucks , he gobbled with the turkeys and they at_once were all attention , he quacked with the ducks , and cackled with a pair of exceedingly flattered geese .
Despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John_Brown , Rhode_Islanders turned their attention to the state elections .
When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality .
It is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , Members of Congress , officers in the Pentagon .
A goal was fixed , as given in Table 2 , and attention focused_on its fulfillment .
The change may require different products , pricing , packaging , warehousing , salesmanship , advertising and executive attention - practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted .
Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them .
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance .
Yet no detail was too small to receive attention from this master , and as a result the playing here has humor , delicacy , and radiant humanity .
And let me add Murray 's new book as another symptom of_it , particularly so in_view_of the attention Time magazine gave it when it came_out recently .
Failing to find what was wanted , as was most likely , check_out other guests , with special - but not exclusive - attention to those with rooms on the street .
But let us return , after this gruesome interlude , to our willow catkins in the spring ; there are other wild bees that command our attention .
First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns .
I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously .
If death receives more_than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less_than its share , the gift of the life_eternal through Christ begins to look_like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal , i.e. , created , existence .
And the more complex the morphophonemic_system is in_relation_to the phonemic base , the less easily a phonemic_system will be analysed without close attention to the morphophonemics - at_least , the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to grammatically meaningful structures .
The wife 's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job .
Although the play does show a certain structural amateurishness ( there are eleven acts varying in length from twenty-five seconds to an hour and a half ) , the statement it makes concerning the ceaseless yearning and searching of youth is profound and worthy of our attention .
You find your house a focus of public and police attention .
Another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component .
But nothing , it appeared , long enough to attract attention .
This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention .
this is why this approach to BW defense has not been given major attention .
Nearing home , he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun .
But , in_general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other .
Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states .
In much the same way , we recognize the importance of Shakespeare 's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne , of Shelley 's study of Plato 's dialogues , and of Coleridge 's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William_Godwin , through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men_of_letters .
Often dominant stress simply indicates a centering of attention or emotion .
Have you assessed the importance of service and given it proper attention ?
He laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention .
