At the time the will was drawn Mr._Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and_so_forth '' .
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .
Stravinsky , nearing the age of eighty , is like a lost and frantic bird , flitting from one abandoned nest to another , searching for a home .
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due_to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according_to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .
Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such_as tool and die makers can be kept on_the_job for the convenience of the company .
After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6 , classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them .
In Chicago , some time ago , Mr._H. , age 27 , a diabetic since he was six , stopped using insulin because he had bought a `` magic spike '' - a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent - sold by the Vrilium_Company of Chicago for $ 306 as a cure-all .
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period .
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; Wyatt and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive_force of the impinging solar_radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth .
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got_off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer .
Accordingly , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence .
West_Berlin morale is low and , in age distribution , the situation is unfavorable .
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked_down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg .
It is convenient to classify a child 's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according_to whether the child 's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line .
The study comprised 16 male patients , ranging in age from 27 to 72 .
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child - more_than 1700 values for the entire group - by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .
Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at_once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all_of the following ten years abroad , at_first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia_Minor , and Palestine .
Henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe 's older and more serious brother , Morris , who was just_about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa , when he substituted for Rabbi_Jastrow at Rodeph_Shalom_Temple there during its Rabbi 's absence in Europe .
the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as_well as their more remote and elusive external links ; of classification first , with elapsed age merely a by-product ; of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan , in Yokuts , in Uto-Aztecan in the last few thousand years as_well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them .
And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age .
As one approach to doing this , Figures 3 and 4 have been constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2 .
The `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child 's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion , for this particular epiphysis .
And the stiffly regal look of them , she saw grimly , lacked the quaver of age which , thwarting the efforts of her amazing will , ran through her spoken_words like a thin ragged string .
Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller .
The landscape of Greek history broadens widely , and rather abruptly , in the eighth century B.C. , the age of Homer 's `` rosy fingered Dawn '' .
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life .
Johnson never would have believed she had a son that age .
The bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state .
In_addition , this country has been settled by many peoples of many heritages and their lore has become acculturated slowly , in an age of print and easy communication , within an ever expanding and changing society .
In our age of Science and Angst it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer_space '' .
One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages .
A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St._Augustine , John_Bunyan , and Thomas_Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great_deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression .
And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written .
He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age .
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark_ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages .
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age .
It is obvious that the historian who seeks to recapture the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major concerns , by_no_means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research .
It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned .
In that tradition communism lay a safe distance back in the age of innocence before the Fall of Man .
With these gadgets - impressive to the gullible because of their flashing light_bulbs , ticks , and buzzes - he then carries_out a vicious medical con_game , capitalizing on people 's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age .
Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work .
When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man 's worthlessness - until redeemed - the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time_and_time_again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state '' .
Attica , though important , was not the only teacher of this age .
Considering that the current school age potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many_more to reach .
For this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery remains the most secure source ; the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative_of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
To derive Utopian communism from the Jerusalem Christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors in spirit , the monastic communities , is with an appropriate shift of adjectives , misleading in the same way as to derive it from Plato 's Republic :
On this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture , architecture , society , and politics ; for the developments in these areas make_sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself .
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in_terms_of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions .
Alas , all that belonged_to the age of `` Devil_Dashwood '' and `` Wicked_Wilkes '' , abbot and beadsman of the Order !
