As an aid in reducing losses due_to enterotoxemia ( overeating disease ) , feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton .
One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline .
Complete power not_only corrupts but it also attracts the mad .
If the student drops_out of high_school , the break with the school is even more complete .
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at_hand .
Two very useful ways for modifying a form dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more_than one dictionary form .
Section 8 ( b ) ( 2 ) of the Small_Business_Act , as amended , authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business_concerns .
The first substantially complete stereo Giselle ( and the only one of its scope since Feyer 's four-sided LP edition of 1958 for Angel ) , this set is , I'm afraid , likely to provide more horrid fascination than enjoyment .
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed .
However , he turned_out to be a complete failure in his new position .
We have complete facilities to accommodate 200 people '' .
The physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence , and the cut edge is joined physically , by cement , to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence .
One of my virtues or vices is a sort_of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound_effects and glorious living color .
When irregularity and variation prevent summarizing , information is written in complete detail .
Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist_courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light_bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used_to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway_Patrol with feelers waving .
Besides showing no inclination , apparently , to absent himself from his native region even for short periods , and in_addition writing a shelf of books set in the region , he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years .
To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed .
As you can see , in this Push-Pull_Super_Set the entire chest back shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises , so the complete torso remains pumped-up all_the_time !
He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him - the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson 's silent patience .
The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave_rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize .
And it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger , impervious , complete in itself .
The third , containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies , had titers of 1 : 256 in saline , 1 : 512 in albumin and 1 : 1024 by the indirect_Coombs_test .
.0044 % Dynafac in a complete ration or 0.3 to 0.4 gram per head per day ( 200 grams of premix per ton complete ration or equivalent .
Meanwhile he has been thinking_about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history .
However , readers who accept Freud 's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation_Of_Dreams , Chapter 1 , : `` as_a_matter_of_fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in_any_case , and what_is_more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain , nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .
Another less ambiguous case read as_follows : `` The bearer of_this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction .
The dictionary is a form dictionary , at_least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary_entries .
I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that life-like sequence , so complete in_detail , from the hodge-podge of news pictures I have seen .
This was later known to be the result of concentrating the minute amount of complete antibody found in these sera ; when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal_to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected .
Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi mechanistic powers .
This , and other qualifications , make the cocktail_party the most complete and most chaotic communication_system ever dreamed_up .
The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement .
SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business_concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations .
This may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of diethylstilbestrol per pound of ration - assuming animal consumes about 25 pounds daily .
Now when Henri has completed four complete Push-Pull_Super-Sets No. 1 , the professor allows him about a five minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull_Super-Sets No. 2 .
At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination , but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark .
Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription , together with other new evidence , fully corroborated the ancient priest 's information .
He has announced results on Hokan , Penutian , Uto-Aztecan , and almost all other American families and phyla , and has diagrammed their degree of interrelation ; but he has not worked_out by lexicostatistics one comprehensively complete classification of even a single family other_than Salish .
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students .
The structure is complete .
The serum containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions ( Fig. 1 ) .
What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; unfortunately , no_one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period_of_time .
When the complete file has been read , the grammatic descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatic description of the form it represents .
Another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb_calorimeter of a metal in fluorine when the product is relatively non-volatile .
For calves , feed not less than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot_rot .
Cuban S._S._R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro held mainland last week , there was at_least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian dominated military base .
As the first collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage , the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps , a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by_no_means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ) .
It 's a complete thigh contraction extension exercise .
Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic cortical discharges account_for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents .
After years of digging , nights and weekends , he put_together the big , profusely illustrated book , Of_Garryowen_and_Glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military_unit .
