It seems likely that the Indian_python comes_out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently ; it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep .
Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only_when related_to the more normal rate of healthy growth .
Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing_in the growth and control of my business , coupled with raising my family .
Fourth , the two indicators are for_the_most_part widely separated chronologically , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center .
A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth .
The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short_bones .
- The existing plant growth calls_for thorough checking .
An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours .
Second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round_bones of the five regions .
To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers .
When it comes_to rate of early growth , the Indian_python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per_year for the first two years , more_or_less .
Many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth , thereby contributing substantially to community development programs .
At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India , Brazil , the Philippines , and Taiwan , which are ready and committed to move_into the stage of self-sustaining growth .
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due_to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according_to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .
Discussions of the giants one_by_one will include , as_far_as_possible , data on these aspects of growth :
What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; unfortunately , no_one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period_of_time .
The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child 's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
Thus , the alignment of the `` dots '' and `` tips '' , respectively , indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with_respect_to the mean values for these boys and girls .
Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ?
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents do n't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you 'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey , lookit Mr._America , whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ?
Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many_of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic_policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign_exchange .
If we were creating a wholly new society , we could insist that our social , political , economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man ; best growth .
And the emphasis on nationalism in America is in_proportion_to the growth of American influence across the world .
Since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth , from Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , or Foot as_well_as Hand , it seems to be the method_of_choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood .
The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset .
One growth center in a short_bone - distal phalanx of the second finger - was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because epiphyseal diaphyseal fusion , the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short_bones , occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage .
By holding_out prospects for external capital assistance , the United_States can provide strong incentives to prepare_for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth .
The growth of business has outdistanced the available supply , and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties .
It speeds muscle growth and power development even for the advanced bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately , thus enabling a massive , concentrated effort to be focused_on each .
At the top of Figure 5 , for_example , the Onset range and Completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according_to their mean and standard_deviation values in Table 1 .
Proprietorships should get the tax_advantages now accruing to corporations , e._g. the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth .
All the manuals for setting_up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content .
Moreover , it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable .
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child - more_than 1700 values for the entire group - by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .
1.0 gram premix per head per day for promoting growth , feed conversion , and getting lambs on full feed earlier .
Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth ; and no limitation is in_evidence .
In spreading the factories even farther , the automobile may not have changed to any great extent the growth pattern of the cities .
During this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child 's conscience .
Its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth , dietary patterns , and health during adolescence .
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted .
The biggest loss , of_course , was the individual 's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy .
0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily ( 1 gram of premix per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier .
And they could n't have entrusted Henri to better hands because `` le_professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido_mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis_anticus of the leg - and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth .
It should be American policy not_only to encourage effective land_reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society .
The numbering system used in Tables 1 and 2 and Figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers .
I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth ; at_best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather_than feet .
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ?
Figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center .
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 .
The best chance , of_course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth .
