Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .
One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 , .
Let us suppose that the animal did not in_fact fall into the trap and did not suffer at_all , but that we mistakenly believe it did , and say as before that its suffering was an evil thing .
I always felt the memory was present in both of them , stirring in their chests like a laugh or a growl , as eager as an animal to be out .
The name thyroid-stimulating_hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary_gland of all species of animal so_far tested for its presence .
Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( fox , vulture , salmon , yellow_pine , manzanita ) ; their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) .
In the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia , hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity ( Money , Rall and Rawson , 1952 ; Stanbury , Brownell , Riggs , Perinetti , Itoiz , and Del_Castillo , 1954 ) .
As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat , provide 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily .
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per_cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per_cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ?
He examined the water_marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished .
The finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid_glands from TSH treated animals suggests that this protease may be active in_vivo .
Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller .
Ever since Bambi , and , more recently , Born_Free , there have been a_lot of books about animals , but few compare with Max_Fink 's wry , understated , charming , and immensely readable My_Friend_, the Quizzical_Salamander .
Animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas .
Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .
The attempt failed : the animal is now dead .
Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid_of interest '' .
This may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of diethylstilbestrol per pound of ration - assuming animal consumes about 25 pounds daily .
In most cases we recognize certain words , persons , animals or objects .
The result is that I included 70 animal names , but Swadesh only 4 ; and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 .
Feeder cattle - 2 - 5 grams of phenothiazine daily ; beef calves - .5 to 1.5 grams daily depending_on weight of animal .
Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals , nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other_than in the dog and cat ( Miller , ' 13 ; ' 25 ) .
There it seems that the goitrogen ingested by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active goitrogen , which is then secreted in the milk .
`` Is it true that you believe the other animals are saner than the human species '' ?
The emotional_states produced by drugs influence the cortical_potentials in a characteristic manner ; synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive_drugs .
Turning his back , Curt crossed to the stall , reached over to untie the buckskin 's halter rope , and waved his hand in the animal 's face .
The intra nasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure , through natural respiration , to aerosolized organisms .
The rows of animals and birds , in_particular , suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes , transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles , but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek .
Also , for the present , great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man .
Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up_to 50 pounds ; treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal .
Indeed we should say , on_the_contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal 's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
Wavy lines , feather like patterns , rosettes of indefinitely floral nature , birds either singly or in stylized rows , animals in solemn frieze bands ( see Plates 11 - 12 ) - all these turned_up in the more developed fabrics as preliminary signs that the potters were broadening their gaze .
During the decade that followed , the common_man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint_Woodrow_(_Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after_all there was no God he had to speak_for and that he was just an animal anyhow - that there was a chemical_formula for him , and that too much could n't be expected of him .
This must be_due to a completely identical response to the weather , in the plant and the animal .
The one thing he missed from his farm in the Po_Valley was the animals ; frequently he would take his leave of Michelangelo by announcing :
The startled animal let_out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall .
Similar effects can be induced reflexly via the baroreceptor reflexes in man and animals .
We can escape_from such a difficulty by ruling_out the animal as not constituting a trial , but such a solution is not always satisfactory .
Animals eat only from one side , so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk .
Well , the odious little toad went_along chivying animals and humans who could n't retaliate , and in_due_course , as was inevitable , overreached himself .
Whenever artists , indeed , turned_to actual representations or molded three-dimensional_figures , which were rare down to 800 B.C. , they tended to reflect reality ( see Plate 6a , 9b ) ; a schematic , abstract treatment of men and animals , by intent , rose only in the late eighth century .
I must add at_once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn .
To a much less full extent , the hebephrenic person 's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function ; in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at_least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not_only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from_time_to_time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .
The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest .
Animals consuming 20 pounds feed daily receive 2 grams Dynafac ) .
Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owner 's voice .
Additive should not be fed 72 hours before animals are slaughtered .
As we think_of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered , we are very likely to say : `` It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so '' .
Treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body_weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal .
Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding .
