The first stage of translation after glossary lookup is structural analysis of the input text .
The treatment seems unnecessarily loose_jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point .
Chromium analysis gave 58.8 % Cr as compared with 61.2 % theory .
Since tone_systems typically comprise fewer units than either consonant or vowel_systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis .
In considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area , since we are now no_longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning .
Analysis means the evaluation of subparts , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements .
The force of the authors ' analysis ( if indeed it has any force ) can be felt by the reader , I believe , only after three questions have been successfully answered .
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .
The_Office_of_Business_Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S._Department_of_Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over - or under-achievement .
Another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis , and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis .
The battery median grade equivalent was used in data analysis in this study .
But a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating .
Let us now put some flesh_on_the_theoretical_bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis .
The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at_least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared .
This hypothesis will account_for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis , as well as the fact that vowel_systems are often more puzzling than consonantal_systems .
In_any_case , he refused to accept the implications of the analysis , that he needed to be made_over .
Another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component .
Roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps leading to training .
The theory claims to show by analysis that when we say , `` That is good '' , we do not mean to assert a character of the subject of which we are thinking .
If this analysis is correct , the suburban branches will turn_out to be what management 's cost_accountants refuse to acknowledge , marginal operations rather_than major factors .
In many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation .
When I question them as_to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy , I find that they fall_into two categories : the simpler ones who have simply accepted the shibboleths of their faith without analysis ; and the intelligent , cynical ones who scornfully reply that these things do n't count any_more in the world of to-day .
It is a weakness of Gabriel 's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental_law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy .
She studied him hopefully , yearningly ; against the limitless background of sky and wasteland it was easy to confirm her analysis .
Differential thermal analysis showed a very small endothermic_reaction at 340 ` C and a large endothermic_reaction at 470 ` C .
These examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology .
The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse_function of the size - smaller systems are more troublesome - for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity .
Magnetic analyses by R._G._Meisenheimer of this laboratory indicated no ferromagnetic impurities .
Mass_spectrometric analysis of gases evolved upon heating to 410 ` C indicated nitrogen_oxides and water_vapor .
The statistical analyses of achievement in_relation_to anxiety and teaching_methods and the interactions of the two are presented in Tables 3 and 4 .
Let me quote him even more fully , for his analysis is important to my theme .
The great majority of present-day linguists fall_into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone_languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter .
Thermogravimetric analysis showed a weight loss of 1.8 % centered at 337 ` C and another weight loss of 10.8 % at 463 ` C .
Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as_required by stages of the translation process - the grammatic description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction .
Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak_points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak_parts and strengthen good_parts .
An analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts .
However , **f adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account_for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss .
Some cases in_evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure .
In_short , as frequently happens in analyses , the individual feels threatened and defends himself .
Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist .
Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable .
The grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis .
Still , even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect .
A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the Earth is obtained from analyses of deep sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( Pettersson , 1960 ) .
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 .
From the point_of_view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point_of_view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence .
The first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses .
A third explanation is suggested by Richardson 's analysis of Sukuma tone .
