He revealed the potential value of the `` cut '' as the basic technique in the art of the film .
The presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case , on the grounds that it is `` clearly '' not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously .
Whether or not it is in the industry 's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends_upon the extent to which the public limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase .
In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate .
The basic problem involved is that a college setting_up a graduate_school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree .
The_Office_of_Business_Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S._Department_of_Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .
But in_general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude .
But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline - i.e. , that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound_up with Boaz - the film version has little to do with the Bible .
Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call_for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja_vu , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be_due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model .
In 1960 , David_D._Thomas published Basic Vocabulary in some Mon_Khmer Languages AL 2 , no. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( * * f ) in_place_of original ( * * f ) , and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards_Greater_Accuracy ( IJAL_21_:_121_-_137 ) .
There are also more basic problems .
It is evident that Swadesh has not_only had much experience with basic vocabulary in many languages but has acquired great tact and feeling for the expectable behavior of lexical items .
The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity share increases as distinct from a cost raising increase in the basic wage rate .
The basic premise of all mystery_stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal .
But the Russians use gymnastics as the first_step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one , endurance .
The basic mystery of dreams , which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream , is in the fact that they are original , visual continuities .
We are reminded , however , that freedom_of_thought and discussion , the unfettered exchange of ideas , is basic under our form_of_government .
Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked_out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being .
They must continue to satisfy basic capital needs ; and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups .
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each_other and which cause each_other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .
In_order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational_rehabilitation services , Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a State 's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per_capita income .
But it did teach Roy the basic techniques of commercial_art , and later , for twelve years , he and his sister Nina conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia .
This concept has stimulated much basic research concerning the behavior of particulate biological materials , the pathogenesis of respiratory infections , the medical management of such diseases and defense against their occurrence .
The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational_rehabilitation_program , providing_for a three part grant structure - for ( 1 ) basic support ; ( 2 ) extension and improvement ; and ( 3 ) research , demonstrations , training and traineeships for vocational_rehabilitation - and in_addition for short-term training and instruction .
In_addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , spectroscopy , solid_state physics , interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics .
The identification of the basic unit of religious organization - the parish or congregation - with a residential area is self_defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron_trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation .
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform_to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes ;
The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross_national_product .
Furthermore , the network in Figure 3 is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the_like are interlaced .
In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled_out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise .
For our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living adjustments ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs .
The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison .
So we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal , apparently momentary states_of_matter , successive one_after_another in consciousness , but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies .
In their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization , at_first hesitantly in Protogeometric work , and_then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style .
In_addition , the basic approach utilized in applying roleplaying will be reviewed .
Because of the simplicity of the molecules , isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the corresponding carbon_tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data .
Thus , for non negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage_setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .
And the basic character of_that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic .
But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy , well established precedents , the commitments of the United_States under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and well understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such_as country papers and National_Security_Council papers accumulated in the Department .
As a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as_to the meaning of the basic terms employed .
Dance teachers can respond to President_Kennedy 's request not_only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes_for strength and flexibility .
Changes in the basic wage rate are cost raising , and they constitute an argument for raising prices .
Why then this urge to include unstable items in his basic list ?
High motivation towards higher_education must start early enough so_that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at_least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work .
Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence .
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per_cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per_cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ?
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put_up by the industry .
However , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude .
