Based on our experience with clients , we see 14 major problems which fall_into three broad groups - the market_place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management .
In all of his experience in the mission field Rector had never seen a convert quite like Hino .
He had gone_into the Japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles - he never went into detail regarding his military experience - and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out_of_the_blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian .
He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern .
There is no framework or structure of thought with_respect_to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with_respect_to which we can refer this experience .
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a_little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors ' experience .
Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field .
From my wife 's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles .
We use terms from our personal experience with individuals such_as `` trust '' , `` cheat '' , and `` get_tough '' .
Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience , in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself .
He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death - a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead_room of Santo_Spirito .
As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them , so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images .
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal_government but from an exchange of experiences among states .
The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; they are fields_of_force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one_another .
The principal defender of this view of primary experience as `` causal efficacy '' is Alfred_North_Whitehead .
Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed .
The chief experience is the sensing of communion , and in the higher religions , of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power .
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance .
If and when Hino decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked .
Since emotional reactions in the higher vertebrates depend_on individual experience and are aroused in man , in_addition , by complex symbols , one would expect that the hypothalamus could be excited from the cortex .
The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not_only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality , sociality , and creativeness .
Whitehead is here questioning David_Hume 's understanding of the nature of experience ; he is questioning , also , every epistemology which stems from Hume 's presupposition that experience is merely sense_data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived .
It has been my experience to find as many men as women in church , and to hear almost everyone in church congregations reciting the Latin prayers and responses at Mass .
In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct .
Neither is primary experience understood according_to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other_than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense_organs .
In B._M._Spinley 's portrayal of the underprivileged and undereducated youth of London , a salient finding was the inability to postpone gratification , a need to satisfy impulses immediately without the pleasure of anticipation or of savoring the experience .
Richards ' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses .
Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president .
Formally organized vocational_programs supported by federal funds allow high_school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation .
An idea , of the sort that we have_in_mind , although of_necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric_poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience .
No_doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the sleeper 's mind .
His subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic one .
Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience .
He was also at_the_same_time gaining practical experience as a safe_breaker and highwayman , and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene_Geary , later committed to Chester_Asylum as a homicidal maniac , but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor .
The term idea refers to our more reflective or thoughtful consciousness as_opposed_to the immediacies of sensuous or emotional experience .
This , of_course , depends_on the character of the site itself , the previous experience of the investigator , and the number of factors needed to arrive_at a good decision .
It is evident that Swadesh has not_only had much experience with basic vocabulary in many languages but has acquired great tact and feeling for the expectable behavior of lexical items .
In the primary grades , reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress , and the children 's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years .
One hebephrenic woman often became submerged in what felt to me like a somehow phony experience of pseudo emotion , during which , despite her wracking sobs and streaming cheeks , I felt only a cold annoyance with her .
There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit .
When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance of deja_vu , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar .
They come prepared for family fun because Americans in ever growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance .
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever .
This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience the tracing motions would have_to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery .
Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now .
`` Tomorrow will be a new experience - I have never before made_love to a nightingale .
In my experience , a great many_of the patient 's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience .
Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars .
Emerson , in his lecture , refers to the `` startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight , that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before , whether dreaming or waking , a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room , and heard precisely this dialogue , at some former hour , they know not when '' .
In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage , more troublesome , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate .
