As he pushed open the door he fell on his face , one of his comrades pulling him inside .
Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look .
You think somebody is going_to stand_up in the audience and make guilty faces ?
Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat ; unwarranted they were in_any_case for , as he stood facing the fille_de_chambre , his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower_room .
The faces belonged_to Lieutenant_Marvin_Goulding , his wife and their two children .
He would no_longer have to see that fat face , hear that whining voice .
Rank after rank of them came_down the road , and the faces were all the same , and they walked in a sea of dust .
On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted ; it was framed in maroon drapes , and no faces were visible .
He had a round , frank Irish face , creased in a jovial grin that stayed bleakly in_place even when he was pumping bullets into someone 's body .
Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. + O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. + O. which resulted in the present situation .
The next time we saw him , he was a changed person ; he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of tallow , was crisscrossed with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire .
She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer , after she saw Miss_Snow crack Joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom .
She smiled , and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face .
Not seeing her dark intelligent face , one would have gauged the voice as that of a Westwood_Village matron , ten years out of Iowa .
she thought as warm , drizzling rain touched her face .
She made a face at him and then she laughed .
The covers slid down his skinny neck so I saw his head , fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed , but his face was turned to the wall - there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster - and I thought , Well you do n't look much like a pig-drunk bully now .
His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined , and when he laughed he showed his teeth , which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown .
He had to cough then ; he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face .
Bullets were so thick , throwing sand in his face , that he found it difficult to return the fire .
His face was bloated with drugging , redder than normal .
Even_though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone_through on the cross .
We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of_our_own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed , enlightened , competent leaders .
His face was fuller ; his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen looking .
I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass .
A_few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra .
The face of one block contained a hole 1 16 '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure .
The first rattle of the machine_guns , at 7 : 10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear .
He saw the surprise in her face , and laughed as_though it were the funniest expression he had ever seen .
He had his own face , dark and beautiful .
Lawrence listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow .
It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met .
`` No , I never did see his face .
The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference * * f and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear .
Once_again , he shook his head , kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm , and had a strongly supported alibi ready .
Two hours of watching his serenely happy face , listening to his soft humming as he bent over his penciled figures , and Blanche had_to leave .
His face was clouded with unhappiness .
But Carla ; eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness .
The clock which had struck presented an innocent face .
A tape of cellulose_acetate is pulled between the blocks and the tape pulls the fluid or paste with it between the parallel faces of the blocks .
He looked at his son , his face worried .
His face was stiff with anger when they let_go_of his arms .
From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the * * f calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face .
His face took_on a sudden pallor , became beaded with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing .
He 'd been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him .
I hear the boot of Lucifer , I see his filthy face '' !
Then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work .
At fifteen he did n't care that he had no mother , that he could n't remember her face or her touch ; neither did he care that Aunt_Rose provided for him .
He threw his arms wide , his face shining .
Turning his back , Curt crossed to the stall , reached over to untie the buckskin 's halter rope , and waved his hand in the animal 's face .
