As can be seen from these dosage isopleths , approximately 100 square_miles was covered within the area sampled .
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high .
It is quite likely that an even greater area was covered , particularly downwind .
It is too easy for the inexperienced_person to make a quick judgment of a_few values of the area and base a decision on these alone .
The long settled areas of states like Virginia and South_Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest flowering , and there the memory is more precious , and the consciousness of loss the greater .
Determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .
A stream which has all_of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing_through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area .
This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may_not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses .
To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; the granular texture thus created likewise called_attention_to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas .
Department_stores were built_on dry_goods , especially ladies ' fashions , and in this area , in_the_long_run , the suburban branches will be hard_put to compete against downtown .
From these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34000 square_miles was covered .
An area may be too small for the needs of the project .
The central_city areas , in_other_words , exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life_principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents .
No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells .
By this time Henri 's entire chest back - lat shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point , and Claude takes time to do a_bit more pectoral front deltoid shaping work .
Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation .
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no_more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity .
The extent and location of open areas is noted .
However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as_well_as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment .
Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area ; and they had told their mother about the tumbles .
This rule providing_for a blackout of televised baseball 30_minutes before the start of a major or minor_league game in any area comes from the game 's top rulers .
Sometimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most_desirable for the use intended .
Not_only is this kind of duplication wasteful , but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the New_York_Central and other railroads serving the area .
Nearly level areas are required for parking_areas , beaches , camp areas , ball_fields , etcetera .
Each SBA regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business_concerns in its area .
State_governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational_schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities .
The mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm. area .
It is not often realized to_what_degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few .
The central area of the ground_floor of a heavily constructed apartment_building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling .
The revenue from O_'_Banion 's Cicero territory went_up still higher , until the yield was more_than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago 's South and West_Sides .
The mean temperature of the surface was then computed according to the following relation : **f where x is the fraction of the plug area covered by the hot spot .
Not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating_activity , as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas .
As Broadway itself becomes increasingly weighted_down by trite , heavy-handed , commercially successful musicals and inspirational problem dramas , the American theatre is going_through an inexorable renaissance in_that nebulous area known_as `` off-Broadway '' .
Chromatography of whole sera revealed that the areas of Rh_antibody activity were generally continuous and wide .
A training_program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards , and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community .
The sewage_system from Kansas_City was not expected to serve the Red_Bridge area for several years .
The structured schools were in an industrial city , with three family tenement_houses typical of the residential areas , but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes .
In the midwest , oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas .
If you are not well acquainted_with the area in which you wish_to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy .
Clams , crabs , and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas .
Some shrubs may be of good landscaping value , other areas of brush may need to be cleared .
The size of the area alone can be a determining_factor .
Air drifts from one area to another are , therefore , conceivable .
The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at_the_same_time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another .
In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing .
The marrow of the vertebral bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement .
Microscopically , there were many areas of hypercellularity alternating with areas of hypocellularity .
One should keep in mind that many_of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas .
The unstructured schools were in a large suburban community , predominantly middle - to upper-middle_class , but fringed by an industrial area .
Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and / or industrial patterns ?
