The outcome of the experiment is X successes .
Appropriate experiments showed that this is , indeed , possible .
In later experiments , * * f and * * f were prepared by conjugating 8 mg of FITC per gram of globulin .
Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas ( Argon ) .
The sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts ' adhesive ( Johansen , 1940 ) in earlier experiments , and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) .
Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins , permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure , it was used in all but the earliest experiments .
Wolpe 's experiments and therapeutic work lie_in this area .
When 1 ml of conjugate was passed_through a column ( * * f ) , the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments , and very little in others .
A binomial experiment consists_of * * f independent binomial trials , all with the same probability * * f of yielding a success .
In a_few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing of 1 mm. wall thickness .
Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60 - 80 microseconds .
The binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a binomial experiment to another .
By 800 social and cultural security had been achieved , at_least on a simple plane ; it was time to take bigger steps , to venture on experiments .
Results of_this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 * * f , with an uncertainty of 0.10 * * f .
We begin with a_few examples of binomial experiments .
Experiments were done at 180 , 200 , 210 , 220 ` .
In repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple , the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply , because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors .
We then outline the theory of the interaction of paramagnetic dipoles with nuclei and show that the theory is in excellent agreement with experiment .
In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic_battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead .
Indeed , the experiment is better viewed_as consisting_of one binomial trial for the entire family .
In the first few experiments * * f was passed_through Dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with 50 - 100 mg sweet_clover tissue powder .
Before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you 'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a veteran !
For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each trial must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other .
In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( Region 3 , Fig. 1 ) .
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned , in_a_way , to commune with drunks , but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain_dance than the carrying_out of an experiment in physics .
In experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral_cortex , the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated .
Their sum is X , the total number of successes , which in this experiment has the value * * f .
The so-called `` noble experiment '' came to an inglorious end .
The reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen_out in a side arm attached to the manifold and then allowed to distill slowly into the manifold of pre-cooled reaction cells before sealing_off .
Although I suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there 's no reason why you should n't make some experiments with the bar held in_front_of the neck .
He was stirred by the announcement of Volta 's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic_pile to experiments with acids and alkalis .
Oersted 's own earlier experiments were unimpressive , possibly because he had , like other experimenters , laid the conducting_wire across the compass needle instead_of parallel with_it .
Strictly_speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials .
The contents of the manifold for liquid phase experiments were then mixed by shaking , redistributed to the reaction tubes , frozen_down , and each tube was then sealed_off .
These examples are illustrative of the use of the words `` trial '' and `` experiment '' as they are used in this chapter , but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly .
The value of the elections was lost , both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest , as shown in Table /1 , .
The frequency used for these experiments is 15 mc. and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an epoxy lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one millimeter .
Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per_cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .
If three dice are tossed , a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials .
More generally , suppose that an experiment consists_of a number of independent trials , that each trial results in either a `` success '' or a `` non success '' ( `` failure '' ) , and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial .
Physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the hypothalamically controlled hypophyseal secretions and increase sympathetic discharges .
The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random_variable X , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random_variables associated with the single trials .
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 .
Each performance of an n-trial binomial experiment results in some whole_number from 0 through n as the value of the random_variable X , where * * f .
In_order to reduce the number of variable parameters , all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5 '' and a current of 100 Amp .
When this experiment is viewed_as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent .
You should have a_couple_of training partners to stand_by when you make your first experiments , just for safety .
In_addition , the neocortical hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates , as Mirsky 's interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates .
In a conditioning experiment , he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain .
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) .
