During the following week , six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned ; some buildings , farm tools , two horses , plows , and hay owned by Bonito_Lavato , a friendly interpreter for the company , and Pedro_Chavez ' hay were stolen or destroyed ; and a store was broken into and robbed .
( 1 ) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do .
Others , badly wounded , gripped hands in manes , knees in bellies , held_on as long as possible and_then , weak from ghastly wounds , slipped sideways , slowly , almost thoughtfully , to be broken under the slashing hoofs .
A seeping coldness entered Holden 's being ; his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment .
Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break .
He broke that boy ( Air_Force fullback Nick_Arshinkoff ) in two and knocked him loose from the football '' .
This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways .
Before them stalked the beadle , proclaiming as he went , `` Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws - adulterers , thieves , murderers , and lewd persons .
But with Welch 's relentless pursuit of the subject , Barco finally `` broke '' and started confessing to one murder after another .
But Palmer knew , as did everybody else at Augusta , that his streak was about to be broken .
The crowd at the twenty-first annual K._of_C._Games , final indoor meet of the season , got a thrill a_few minutes earlier when a slender , bespectacled woman broke the one week old world_record in the half-mile run .
It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
From the point_of_view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point_of_view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence .
Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing_on through his body .
The Aricaras broke under the devastating fire , wheeled and retreated .
The heavy glass did n't break , but the top flew off ; sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence .
In_truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator_Joseph_McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people .
There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules_Committee : 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives - namely Mississippi 's 14 - term William_Meyers_Colmer ( pronounced Calmer ) .
Where will you break ?
In_this manner , every scheme for direct control broke to_pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws .
If the Orioles are to break their losing_streak within the next two days , it will have to be at_the_expense_of the American_League champion New_York Yankees , who come in here tomorrow for a night_game and a single test Sunday afternoon .
Sleepily , as if half reluctant to break the silence , he lifted his voice : `` Rhu-beb ni_ice fresh rhu-beb today '' !
The opinion continues here that with a 162 - game schedule , pitching spread thin through a 10 - team league and a most inviting target in Los_Angeles ' Wrigley_Field_Jr. , Mantle just might break the most glamorous record on the books , Babe_Ruth 's 60 homers of 1927 .
The dawn progressed and it seemed that the doctor would never be done_with his ministrations when quite abruptly something broke his revery .
Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by .
It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago , on those nights when he slept alone by his campfire and waked suddenly to the hoot of an owl or the rustle of a blade of grass in the moon 's wind - a savage land , untenanted and brooding , too strong to be broken by the will of men .
In affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann 's attempt to formulate such a theology has led .
a train rushes straight at the audience , or a great wave threatens to break over the seats .
They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry murmur of the river .
She came_down against him , and he tried to break her fall .
When they were refused entrance to his brother 's house nearby , they smashed down the door , broke the window , and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room .
The theory of international_law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America , broke this unity and this universality .
While this was being discussed , we saw the militia to the west of us fanning_out and breaking into little clusters of two and three men as they approached the road .
That settled it , and we broke into parties of two and three .
The will of its people , so crucial in_time of peril , would be broken .
Within a_few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons .
Mrs._Marr also has a_number_of parolees to `` mother '' , watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society .
Rev did n't need to break the wax seal , read the contract and find_out .
To them he could have been the broken bell in the church_tower which rang before and after Mass , and at noon , and at six each evening - its tone , repetitive , monotonous , never breaking the boredom of the streets .
The younger Thomas ripped a screen_door , breaking the latch , and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock , scratching his face .
Hardly_a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened ( and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum_areas ) .
A 24 - year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife , hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police_officers who tried to subdue him , police said .
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone 's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide .
After well broken and equipped with 12 oz shoes on behind , bare-footed in_front , she would trot a real storm with the master , Delvin , driving .
The two horses broke from the yard , from the circle of light cast by the lamp still burning in the house , into the darkness .
The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news : he would lead the fight to oust Colmer , whom he is said to regard_as `` an inferior man '' .
One day in a bar , so the legend goes , someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monocle and broke it .
Last year , after Trujillo had been cited for numerous aggressions in the Caribbean , the United_States and many other members of the Organization_of_American_States broke diplomatic relations with him .
is Bill 's broken a chair , dominant stress will usually be on the complement a chair .
If we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins .
