High , so it would only bounce harmlessly but loudly off the car 's steel roof .
Looking_back I saw a gray-haired man getting_out of his halted car and trying to read our license_number .
He waited at the car side for a moment , looking down at her expectantly .
Squeezing a look between Johnson 's fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired `` Y_'_all_drahve '' ?
He was in his car with his camera and equipment bag in less_than two minutes , and it took him only three more to reach the corner , a block from Columbus_Avenue .
I saw Johnson 's bottle snatched from his hand , saw it go in a swirl of foam just behind the second car .
Just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car , the trip to the shopping_center may seem far easier than to the downtown department_store , though both are the same distance from home .
People died , she would have said , in hospitals , or in cars on the highway at night .
The Indian 's arm whipped sidewise - there was a flash of amber and froth , the crash of the bottle shattering against the side of the first car .
Muller , nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car 's headlights , threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table ; his face wore a look of outrage .
He caught her eye , came_back around the car with the boot wearer 's teetering , half mincing walk .
`` '' Do you see that pretty girl standing next to the car with slacks on `` ?
Four cars were parked at the curb , and two of them were police radio cars .
In_contrast to the caravan of the previous night , there were only four cars parked across the street .
Mark stopped the car and switched_off the lights and they sat looking_at the water , which , there being no moon out , at_first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
The car was just about to us , its driver 's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante_Fe - on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human_beings desperately needed rescue .
I looked_back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car 's rear_window .
I was so scared , well , I just ran to my car and came here '' .
By late afternoon the train inched into the marshaling yards in the railhead at Lublin , which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front .
`` Very few wives '' , says Dr._Calderone , `` who balance the checkbook , fix the car , choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen , are suddenly going_to become submissive where sex is concerned .
This sentence would have most_of the characteristics of a question , but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the questioner has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own timepiece or the one attached to his car .
`` She did n't mention bringing Myra '' , Mark said , maneuvering the car into the next lane .
Two cars came over a crest , their chrome and glass flashing .
They cannot stop to grasp and embrace and sit in the back seat of cars along a dark country lane .
Still nursing anger I listlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching , its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me .
So you sit in the car and listen to the air run_out and listen to the rain and see the mud in_front_of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator_pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off , because that is being an old_maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help .
For_instance , the dreamer sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and , with photographic realism , sees Smith driving the car ; whereas , it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car .
The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees , and silence was a weight , almost palpable , in the air .
Hub , nosing about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel 's service_entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere .
He got_into the car .
And even with her limited knowledge of such things , she knew that the car could be repaired there ; sufficiently , at_least , to get them back into town .
A car pulled into the driveway outside the window .
Winston watched him hurry down the drive to his car ; a handsome , fine-looking man it made him proud to see .
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets .
A big car was approaching , its chrome teeth grinning .
When they first married he had been working in the fields all day , and she would get_in the car and drive to wherever he was working , to take him a fresh hot meal .
Mark asked , and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road , the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and came_down .
Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist_courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light_bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used_to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway_Patrol with feelers waving .
Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got_into her car she looked at the houses below .
By failing to do as he was told instantly - to take_out a permit or return the gun to his car - he had played into Lord 's hands .
He grinned , nodded , and walked_around to the front of the car .
Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours , he did not think to look and see if Jerry_Burton 's car was still there .
Houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot .
While she was thus engaged , McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day , any recollections she had of people hanging_around , of overcurious delivery_boys or repairmen , of strange cars cruising the neighborhood .
Cooper was beside his car , on the curb at the right , just standing there morosely ; he did n't even look up .
The car lurched along at a snail 's crawl , the left front mudguard banging and scraping against the tire , occasionally scraping against the road itself .
Eugene offered Harold his car , to use at any time he cared to , and when this offer was not accepted , the armchair creaked .
The truck and the car gave the manufacturer a new degree_of_freedom in selecting his plant site .
I swam like_mad , got_out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car .
When he returned home , the station_wagon loaded with tools , Jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car .
