They were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills .
Another hoodlum , Louis_Arger , drew $ 39000 from Stein 's janitor firm , the National_Maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , Stein disclosed in an interview .
The uniform fiscal_year ensures conformance with another common_sense rule , that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn .
In the best tradition , he first taught himself to see , then to draw with accuracy and assurance , and_then to paint .
They are segregated businesses , combining again on one site the factory and the office , drawing their work_force from segregated communities .
Those who are sexual deviants are naturally drawn to join the beatniks .
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary .
He drew toward the composite design from his meticulously accurate memory , without need to consult his sketches .
Even_though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation .
Equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle_class neighborhoods .
Of straight dramas , there are All_the_Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James_Agee novel , A Death in the Family ; The Wall , awkwardly based on the John_Hersey novel ; Advise and Consent , lively but shallow theater drawn from the mountainously detailed bestseller ; Face of a Hero ( closed ) , based on a Pierre_Boulle novel .
In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain_of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust_out into real , bas-relief space - or to be about to do so - while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface .
Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him - we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due , we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul .
The North should thank_its_stars that such has been the case ; but at_the_same_time it should not draw false inferences therefrom .
He often drew the bomb .
The night we first met , at one of Mrs._Monmouth 's giant parties , he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt ; instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade .
He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs .
Like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind .
There was only one way to accomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept .
As the time drew_near for the drawing of the British American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina_colony - its own post and Fort_Daer - was on American territory .
As he crossed to_the side of the stall , Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer .
I 've drawn his fangs '' , he snapped .
Do not draw yarn too tight .
For a_number_of years , Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business_leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy .
Far from it ; I merely draw an etymological distinction , hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman .
President_Kennedy , already two quiet demands down , still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public ultimatum to Moscow .
At Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because Walt_Perry , being thoughtful , knew that Doc might have_to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply_Base .
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses .
`` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy_Scriptures : For these are the_most abundant sources which ought_to be_left open_to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' .
When the station_wagon drew abreast_of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house , Pamela turned the wheel , guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close_to the house , and stopped .
`` I ai n't drawin ' against you '' , Jess said thickly .
In repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple , the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply , because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors .
Ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once_and_for_all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' anti-Semites were drawn step_by_step into the program of skull bashings and gassings ?
Now draw '' !
And like Jo_March , who saw her sisters Meg and Amy involved in `` lovering '' before herself , Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors , Rachel by Joe_Jastrow , and Sadie by Max_Lobl , a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi .
We are often told that the Comedie has , unfortunately , life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off_the_stage .
These expenditures are estimated to be $ 12.1 billion , an increase of $ 187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social_security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6 , classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them .
Thus , the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less puissant ancestors .
It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts ' Route_128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at_least a partial monopoly .
The Catholic priest , though somewhat superficially drawn , easily came_out the best .
All went_home happy except the Newport police , who feared that the throng departing at 6 : 35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh , and those deprived_of their happy_hour at the cocktail bar .
Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly .
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex 's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle_hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets .
As Andy reached the finale of his act , a subdued commotion backstage drew his attention to the wings .
Mr._Herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms .
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark_ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages .
Jay_Porter drew a base_on_balls to fill the bases but Don_Wert 's smash was knocked_down by Rudolph for the putout .
Presently the well-armed members of the Force_Publique - many_of them drawn from savage and even cannibalistic tribes , erupted in mutiny , rioting , raping and looting .
He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a tintype .
