Five of these done daily for about a week will develop the strength for one push-up .
Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution_costs ; and translate the whole into profit_and_loss and balance_sheet figures which management can act_on with some assurance ?
An objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data .
Swadesh in_short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; I , one that was specifically adapted to the San_Joaquin_Valley .
We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .
The Texans have two more road_games - at Buffalo and Houston - before they play for the home_folks again , and it looks as if coach Hank_Stram 's men will meet the Bills just_as they are developing into the kind of team they were expected to be in pre-season reckonings .
But a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed , and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to ethically acceptable solutions of urgent political issues .
Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so_long as they maintained proficiency in their technical work .
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected .
He says the state , in_order_to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .
The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia .
Moreover , his testimony at trial never developed any such facts .
Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services - including attempts to develop a typology of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches - and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in_collaboration with community planners .
Leadership is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop .
The stained-glass_windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas , the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political_platform .
It was only a fifteen minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia .
`` We are directed to develop a sense of proportion , sir , which contributes the same effect '' .
These findings , and_others which will in_time be developed , will affect the method of glottochronological inquiry .
To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' .
It must be planned and carefully developed .
On Thursday , the first day of the Masters , the contest between Palmer and Player developed instantly .
The State_Ballet of Rhode_Island , the first incorporated group , was formed for_the_purpose_of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the State , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; And now , therefore , do I , John_A._Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode_Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State_Ballet of Rhode_Island Week , requesting all Rhode_Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State .
One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse .
From this , motor_pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data .
On July 4 , 1959 , the patient developed marked abdominal pain and distension , went into shock , and died .
Developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies_of_water represent a kind_of glorious fringe_benefit , providing boating and fishing havens all_over the country .
Being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe , for which he at_once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all_of the following ten years abroad , at_first in Italy , then in Greece , Egypt , Asia_Minor , and Palestine .
The same system , with minor modifications , was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration .
We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes , acrobats , dancers , musicians and artists , developing many potentialities .
These courses develop skills other_than those we think_of when we use the adjective `` academic '' .
`` We had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice .
A high-speed shutter has been developed in_order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion .
We have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have evenutally been used in commerce and industry .
Except for a rich friendship with the painter , Chauncey_Ryder who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had - and this was limited to a_few lessons , though the two artists often went on painting trips together - Roy developed his art by himself .
`` I had developed the machines and therefore knew them .
In_a_sense almost all high_school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called_upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained .
This same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our half-hearted effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft .
It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing_up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign_policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government .
At the head of the CDC is an unorthodox , 39 - year-old amateur politico , Thomas_B._Carvey_Jr. , whose normal profession is helping develop Hughes_Aircraft 's moon missiles .
It is at_least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as_well_as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature .
All research within the United_States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of_this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public .
Anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean .
In a_few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation .
He was an artisan , a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood_carver did .
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking_off from the ground .
The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment .
At the University_of_Washington_Medical_School , the electronics group has developed the `` Respiratory_Gas_Analyzer '' shown in Fig. 3 .
And that 's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears , to develop the poise that promotes peace .
Together they also developed a new form of voltaic_cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents .
The_British and Canadian Liaison Officers , as_well as Office of Civil and Defense_Mobilization , the American Red_Cross , and similar interested organizations were informed from_time_to_time as training aids were developed .
