He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble .
In the only sense in which badness is involved at_all , whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety , since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling , and that feeling is still there .
One finds , for_example , that a terse and stereotyped verbal expression , seeming at_first to be a mere hollow convention , reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings , and the most unconventional of meanings .
Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give release , and communicational expression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter .
He had an uneasy feeling about it .
In_any_case , I have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by Englishmen , even in Devonshire and Cornwall , where anti Catholic feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest .
Changing his clothes , he put_on his dark-blue flannel suit , and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for_good .
Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security .
Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja_vu , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists .
She stood_still over the leg_of_lamb , rubbing herbs into it , quite suddenly conscious of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath , a sensation of violence that started her shivering .
Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19_th century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling .
A vague feeling that Anthony_Payne had had_it_coming was hardly a thought and was , in_any_event , reprehensible .
Davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city .
Only_too often , however , you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined_up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right .
The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part .
Memory flooded him the instant he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach .
The feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious Father-God , as_well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving_vent to emotions and energies .
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing_point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes .
There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go_on forever .
And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging_to the pain itself .
If so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only .
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well_known in England .
You explain , `` I have the strangest feeling of having lived through this very same event before .
I have no religious feeling .
Her voice shook with feeling , and he thought it lovely .
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter - laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel_like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man 's despair ; and which , more often than all these , conveys a welter of feelings which could in_no_way be conveyed by any number of words , words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another .
Both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting , ready , for the two of them to run_up her sails .
A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday , but attention quickly turned from Saturday 's victory to next week 's problem : Rice_University .
Well , yes , perhaps in literature , since you could argue that you could n't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself .
And little Zeme_North , a Dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings .
A word taken in its dictionary meaning , a photographic image of a recognizable object , the mere picturing of a `` scene '' tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings .
Yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act .
It 's infuriating , this feeling that one is being picked on , continually , constantly .
Related_to this is the fact that most_of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered , dependable universe .
I use this term to mean three things : a search for the human significance of an event or state_of_affairs , a tendency to look_at wholes rather_than parts , and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling .
And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in_the_first_place has faded .
A feeling of futility , an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known , seeped through him .
The notion of `` inspiration '' is somehow cognate to this feeling .
The Providence_Daily_Post thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be calmer feelings .
And he had a feeling - thanks to the girl - that things would get worse before they got better .
The strong feeling is certainly there ; but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North .
Both I and my feelings come_up out of a chain of events that fan_out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am .
His feeling always exacted sacrifices from her .
The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words `` There 'll be no more work / There 'll be no more worry '' , matching the spiritual feeling of the jot .
Apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs .
It casts a spell upon them so_that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power .
It was too_bad he had no feeling himself for church .
He holds that goodness and badness lie_in feelings of approval or disapproval .
In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught .
Furthermore , he 's something of a scoundrel , an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips .
