Just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car , the trip to the shopping_center may seem far easier than to the downtown department_store , though both are the same distance from home .
My memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink , scented stationery and the unsloped , almost printed configurations of her neat , studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer , so many sentences beginning with `` Remember when '' ; and_others concerning camp friends who resided in her suburban neighborhood , and news of her commencing again her piano_lessons , her private_school , a visit to Boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough , wounded , from the war in Europe .
After this has become easy , use slower and slower rhythms , kicking higher and higher .
It is so easy to falsify sentiment .
I was the first to get my squad on_the_ball , and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb .
The lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner_party - Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses - and found him easy enough to talk to .
`` Does this make it any easier , coward '' ?
`` A lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats , it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens - and , damn_it , you know very_well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away !
The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable .
More_often_than_not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting .
But in maneuvers , with the top brass watching him all_the_time , it 's easy .
Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities .
Then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen .
One of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2 - year old child is a lack of verbal communication .
The trouble here is that it 's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it does n't cost you anything .
From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be_due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model .
Mr._McKinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty_'s desires .
Since tone_systems typically comprise fewer units than either consonant or vowel_systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis .
So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society .
I have never asked for an easy task , but I am weary of the strife '' .
Raymond_Vernon reports that residents of East_St._Louis have been driving across the Mississippi , through the heart of downtown St._Louis and out to the western suburbs for major shopping , simply because parking is easier at the big branches than it is in the heart of town .
Though it is not easy to apply the evidence of the Iliad to any specific era , this marvelous product of the epic tradition had certainly taken definitive shape by 750 .
It should have been nearly as easy for her to remember that as it was for Big_Hans to remember going_after the axe while he was still spattered with Pa 's yellow sick insides .
That would have made things so much easier .
In_addition , this country has been settled by many peoples of many heritages and their lore has become acculturated slowly , in an age of print and easy communication , within an ever expanding and changing society .
The paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement .
The great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist .
It is not easy for the therapist to discern when , in the patient 's communicating , an introject has appeared and is holding_sway .
Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for `` the_good_old_days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and Sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk .
His easy good_looks made him a favorite with the ladies .
Consider the equipment needed to protect this many from the weather , to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable .
It is n't easy to describe it , but every gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil .
She was resentful of his easy success as compared with Shelley 's failure .
It is no harder to raise big , healthy , blooming plants than weak , sickly little things ; in_fact it is easier .
Their own easier , slower tempo is especially dear to Southerners ; and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as_much_as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home_town .
In_fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .
From actions aboard , it is easy to guess that Spencer 's boast of twenty staunch followers was a modest estimate '' .
The Ivy_League enjoys no easy dominion here , and the boys are as likely to dress in rather foppish Continental fashion , or even in nondescript working_class manner , as they are in the restrained , button-down Ivy way .
In my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational_programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city .
It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions .
Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies .
In 1932 Dorset received its own exchange , which made business easier for the Manchester office , but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include Manchester and Dorset .
It is too easy for the inexperienced_person to make a quick judgment of a_few values of the area and base a decision on these alone .
It would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern pedigree than that of his family .
It was easy to see that they were made_for each other , and they knew what they wanted .
The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .
While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp_Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday .
After that , violence was exultantly easy .
It might have been easier for her if Kitti_Walker had n't been everything that Blanche was not .
It is very easy to establish by induction on r that if f is in * * f then * * f that_is , * * f , etc. .
