Of_course , the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr._Fisher , then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury , to the Vatican last December .
Both I and my feelings come_up out of a chain of events that fan_out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am .
I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident .
The first program was sponsored by Abraham_+_Strauss , Hempstead , New_York , under the direction of Special Events director Jennings_Dennis .
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent .
It was not as_though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years , not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle_Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil ; that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages , two births , one divorce ) , Christmas and Easter_cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years .
Being based on so few events , these results are of dubious validity .
This theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness .
The wraith-like events of the last few days flooded David 's mind and he rubbed his unshaved chin and felt again the ache in his kidneys caused by his saddle odyssey from Boston .
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State_Board_of_Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises .
With a large and circumspect 20_th Century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children 's fairy_tales - Slavic dances and love songs - into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at_large .
Regarded from the outside , an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world ; regarded from the inside , it is the carrying_into_action of a certain thought .
This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense_program in_order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons_systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons_systems which have been overtaken by events .
The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` It could have been like that for only a_little while '' ; but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time .
If , as a home_movie maker , you shoot the inevitable footage of your child taking its first steps , you have merely recorded an historical event .
This is one of the happier events of the season .
If , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a_few frames of the child 's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; you are employing the basic technique of film ; you are cutting .
One had_to believe_in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing .
Twenty-five_thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood_relatives out of millions ) ten_thousand to this friend and that , five_thousand to another ; to Brian_Thayer , the sum of ten_thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten_thousand each ; to Joan_Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten_thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs._Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death .
One day Maeterlinck , coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream , detailed the ensuing occurrences in_advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified .
She was moving_up to the allowance department after winning a $ 10000 claiming event .
Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call_for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja_vu , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
But if you keep a calendar of events , as we do , you noticed a conflict .
One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 , .
The chamber_of_Commerce elections were , of_course , an important event in the preparation for rural commune elections .
Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of Chuck_Stober 's part in recent events .
I use this term to mean three things : a search for the human significance of an event or state_of_affairs , a tendency to look_at wholes rather_than parts , and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling .
So do n't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance '' .
Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels , the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality .
They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters .
English Catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope .
Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events .
The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems .
Literal flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture , and the device boomerangs : the illusion of depth is rendered even more precarious than before .
The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was * * f for particles of mass greater than * * f ( Dubin , 1960 ) ; this mass threshold was derived from the detector calibration and an assumed impact velocity of * * f .
As represented by a spiral , history may , in_some_sense , be said to repeat itself ; yet each historical event remains unique .
These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative_literature must be frequently concerned .
Hal doubted if this happy event would occur .
Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja_vu , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists .
Hence , if what is in_question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected , it is unimportant whether only a_little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted ; for , in either event , the first possibility is excluded .
It ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would render false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .
Not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage .
We leap from event to event - including the formation of the posse - even though the events , in `` reality '' are taking_place not in sequence but simultaneously , and not near each other but at a considerable distance .
The events of the last quarter of an hour , mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of coop and barnyard , had overcome the doctor 's hen and she gave_out a series of cackly wails , perhaps mourning her nest , but briefly enjoyed .
He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries .
When we arrive_at the events concerned in the vanished majority , they , of_course , cannot impress us as anything familiar .
In a symposium and general exploration of the field of Person Perception and Interpersonal Behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject , with one possible exception ; Solomon_Asch shows the transcultural stability of metaphors based on sensation ( hot , sweet , bitter , etc . ) dealing with personal qualities of human_beings and events .
But in either event he was the wrong man for the kind of case outlined by Ben_Gurion and set_forth in the indictment .
Preliminary data from 1959_Eta give an average impact rate of * * f for masses larger than * * f for about 1000 events in a 22 - day period ( LaGow and Alexander , 1960 ) .
The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted 's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 .
