As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure : girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion .
The anode holder shown in figure 2 was designed with two goals in mind .
It seems clear , from the counter-balanced shape of the series of arrows in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and Completions for the 34 girls .
No figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town .
The figure on the earth halted , seemingly bewildered .
The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes governs the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4 .
As shown in Figure 3 , the protoplasm of other fibers was pale , granular , or flocculated and invaded by phagocytes .
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period .
The shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the Washington , D._C. area in the Spring of 1959 .
In the street , walking as quickly as he could , Stanley_Gilborn was a lone figure .
A band viscometer is shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically .
The pilot lagoon was located as shown in Figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area .
They rode around and around to trample the figure into the sand .
The figures on the worksheet paper in_front_of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was_all_she_could_do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter .
This result is plotted along with the 8.6 - mm observations of Gibson ( 1958 ) in figure 1 , a .
Some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1 .
He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death - a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead_room of Santo_Spirito .
The total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby **f The temperature distribution of figure 4 gives **f for all blowing rates , assuming **f .
Inflow of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2 .
Then the figure moved_on .
size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached ; time required to reach maturity ; rate_of_growth both before and after this crucial stage ; and maximum length , with confirmation or amplification of Oliver 's figures .
From an initial investment of $ 1200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $ 10000000 ( we do n't disclose financial figures to the public ) .
The unshielded flux is given in the last column ; these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary_space near the Earth .
For the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1 .
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense_of_touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in_independence_of visual representations , at_least in regard_to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on_the_part_of unaided touch is denied by the authors .
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well_known in England .
He saw only dimly moving figures , but when he slashed them they yelled and fled .
The best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male Indian_python in less_than two years , his mate in less_than three ; data on the boa_constrictor about match this .
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 .
Again Katie reared , and now , wickedly , he compelled her to bring her hooves down again_and_again upon the sprawled figure of the stranger .
The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .
The stiff figure in the corner no_longer blocked his thoughts .
The nuclei of these fibers , as is shown in Figures 3 and 4 , showed remarkable proliferation and were closely approximated , forming a chain like structure at either the center or the periphery of the fiber .
Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial .
Figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center .
Then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box .
Mark held the wheel loosely , but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he 'd make in the years to come .
Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark ; in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched .
The figure was so theatrically dressed , that it was as though a character from some other play had blundered into this one .
Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix .
From what I was able to gauge in a swift , greedy glance , the figure inside the coral colored boucle dress was stupefying .
Figure 2 is a graph of the mean achievement scores of each group .
Cause of all this commotion : squat , pug-nosed , balding , hopelessly ugly Jean-Pierre_Bravado , a Bogartian figure , who plays a sadistic , amoral , philosophic Tasti-Freeze salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico_de_Mille_Rossilini 's endlessly provocative film , A_Sour_Sponge .
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child - more_than 1700 values for the entire group - by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .
The thin gray figures raised a hoarse , cawing cry like the call of a bird flock .
The following summary , based on Figures 5 and 6 , is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with_respect_to the appropriate mean age for each growth center .
The thermocouples in the aluminum disk shown in figure 2 indicated an equilibrium temperature of the surface of **f .
When it comes_to rate of early growth , the Indian_python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per_year for the first two years , more_or_less .
