Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death .
Mrs._Meeker had spent a small_fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers .
Jonathan 's letter came , as she knew it would , and he had accepted their child 's death as another judgment from God against both Kate and himself .
Linked to Holmes even in death , Moriarty represents the alter-ego of the great detective , the image of_what our hero might have become were he not a public servant .
This leads Irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that Adam and Eve died on the same day that they disobeyed , namely , on a Friday , as a parallel to the death of Christ on Good_Friday ; he sees a parallel also to the Jewish day of preparation for the Sabbath .
Do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death .
She could n't see how her death could affect Maude .
Like Eliot , in my fantasies , I had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , I would lead Jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night 's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love .
In my recollection , there was a long interval between the death of the officer and the appearance of the first of the retreating redcoats , and in that interval the dust_cloud over the road seems to hover indefinitely .
In_a_sense , the showdown promised by Mr._Hammarskjold 's sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; no precedents have been set as_yet ; structurally , the U.N. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing_to_bear upon it .
Her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kate 's baby and at Jonathan 's decision to go_with the South `` And , dear Kate '' , she wrote , `` poor Dr._Breckenridge 's son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South , to his good father 's sorrow .
For so_long_as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a feast .
The death of a man is unique , and yet it is universal .
She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr._Meeker 's death .
It was a cold , windy day , the day after Kitti 's death , but Stanley_Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind .
His death is his alone , yet each man can see his own death in the crucifixion of Jesus .
Even life in_harmony with death .
On Blanche_Jacobs , Kitti_Gilborn 's death had a quite different effect .
A good many beef hungry settlers were accepting the death of William_Lewis as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats .
Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus_Christ because Jesus_Christ has identified himself with human history and human_death , coming as the head of a new humanity .
She would not accept the death of such a little child .
Another veteran telephone_operator was Edith_Fleming_Blackmer , who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960 .
In Washington_City everyone lived in a bubble of plots , and one death might attract another .
That and her death .
Twenty-five_thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood_relatives out of millions ) ten_thousand to this friend and that , five_thousand to another ; to Brian_Thayer , the sum of ten_thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten_thousand each ; to Joan_Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten_thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs._Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death .
If life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no inscrutability .
Such an interpretation of death radically alters the Christian view of creation ; for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history .
These two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated , but they dare not be confused or identified .
This idea , which occurs in both Tatian and Cyprian , fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus ' theology ; for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ .
For before someone takes_up an attitude toward death , suffering , or their infliction , they have no moral quality at_all .
Not a circle , then , nor a straight_line , but a spiral represents the shape of death as Irenaeus sees it ; for a spiral has motion as_well_as recurrence .
Oh , the time of death .
They had let this black_hole of death in Warsaw 's heart exist without a cry of protest .
As the first collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage , the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps , a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by_no_means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ) .
The evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines , substituted for valid medical cures , have hastened the deaths of thousands .
Death !
Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life .
I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays .
If goodness and badness lie_in attitudes only and hence are brought into being by them , those men who greeted death and misery with childishly merry laughter are taking the only sensible line .
This , he was sure , was the way they would act ; laughing_at a dying man , laughing as a man was beaten to death .
Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide ; Hamm 's world is death and Clov may or may_not get_out of it to join the living child outside .
For this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery remains the most secure source ; the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative_of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
There is a death in all partings , she knew , and promptly put it out of her mind .
He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death - a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead_room of Santo_Spirito .
If death receives more_than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less_than its share , the gift of the life_eternal through Christ begins to look_like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal , i.e. , created , existence .
Man 's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God , must now be conformed_to the shape of death .
Also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you 'll probably never use it .
But the highroad , according_to the description of its traffic , belongs_to life as it is lived in unawareness of death , while the way to the churchyard belongs_to some other sort of life :
Whereas , John_Brown has cheerfully risked his life in endeavoring to deliver those who are denied all rights and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper :
He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; he might be Mrs._Meeker 's murderer or have played some part in her death .
