In some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure , making diagnosis difficult .
One of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the B-70 , a long range supersonic bomber .
When Siamese_cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves_off and another begins .
Tone_systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest , and often analytically more difficult than much larger consonantal_systems .
Accordingly we may speak_of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley 's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley 's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise .
Greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water ; and natural waters , in_addition , often contain impurities such_as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove .
Fortunately , gender was inflected , though the expression of it would be difficult for anybody not born in Siddo .
In the over-all process , it is difficult to assign a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a built detergent formulation ; and , indeed , there is no_more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition agent , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making_up a given commercial organic active .
But there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult .
It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge .
This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose - the clarity must be new , not old '' .
Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist .
These societies can expect to face difficult times .
Bullets were so thick , throwing sand in his face , that he found it difficult to return the fire .
It should be no_more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons .
His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let_alone educate them in a town without even a school .
In a course for supermarket operators , a district_manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time .
It was the first blow that was always difficult .
It is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man .
When Prokofieff forged his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose .
After_all , the field is large , difficult to define and seldom taught properly to American undergraduates .
For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is - that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer .
Serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq. per liter , and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm. By Dec. 1 , 1958 , the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse , and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position .
But no other two phonologic_systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages .
Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced .
He may respect too_much the Italian tradition of letting singers hold_on to their notes , but to restrain them in a singers ' opera may be quite difficult .
The release , the freedom , involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or_else absolutely impossible ; and the motion toward it brings disaster .
They overflowed the parking_lot , making progress by automobile difficult .
The results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand brushing , particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly .
It is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the Trial of what had been done to the Jews of Europe .
Hence it is difficult to conceive_of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from geometrical equivalence .
His tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence .
Mr._Speaker , for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have .
On_the_whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in_detail because of their wider variety of subject_matter .
Electricity plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to envision a time when current was not available for daily use .
The Szolds , like the Marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; and , as in the March home , any young_man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them .
He is probably our most original composer ; he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' .
In_addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog .
Although the government was probably prepared for elections by mid - 1958 , the first decision was no_doubt made more difficult as party strife multiplied .
Measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth .
The high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis .
The ten or more dangerous parties singled_out for prosecution were still at_large , and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe_houses , defending themselves through loopholes , it would be most difficult to capture them .
Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one .
In the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult .
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit .
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully .
And , from the first , he faced a difficult task .
Moreover , even getting this across would be difficult .
It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get_into the most selective medical_school in the nation .
Many people seem hopeful , yet it is difficult to predict whether or not there will be any more real attainment of Christian unity in 1961 than there was in 1861 .
