Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness_of_the_bowels '' ; but a much more common designation was `` the_sh-ts '' .
This energy transfer depends_on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode sheath .
We find it in the later Stoic conception of man 's natural condition which included the community of all possessions .
Gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not_only feeds_back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes , but also modifies the conditions in the arc itself .
Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end - elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence .
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .
There was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per_cent relative_humidity .
It must be conceded that his native_land provided Prokofieff with many_of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive :
With the exception of treaty making , foreign relations were historically concerned for_the_most_part with conditions of short or at_least measurable duration .
Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per_cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .
Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international_law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political_system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; second , it had to be compatible with the value_system that they shared .
A tranquilizer fed to cattle ( other_than lactating dairy_cows ) prior_to their being subjected to stress conditions such as vaccinating , shipping , weaning calves , and excessive handling .
Jubal said that his night-sight probably came from the conditions in which he had grown_up , and Mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to_it ; his foster_parents had taught him to see .
The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as_well_as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage .
Grab_samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .
International_law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European_nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .
I do n't know whether he was_after our rider , who had gone_by a minute before , or whether he was simply scouting conditions ; but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come .
It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions .
There are , of_course , certain times during the 24 - hour daily cycle when most_of these conditions will be met .
Moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions .
When improvements are recommended in working conditions - such_as lighting , rest_rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning - do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ?
If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient 's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense_of_touch can be explained by his defective visual condition .
When the Korean_war began , on June 25 , 1950 , the anniversary of the day Custer had gone_down fighting at the Little_Big_Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World_War_2 , , the 7_th_Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition .
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium_nitrate .
Hence , the flow conditions at the anode of free_burning arcs resemble those near a stagnation point .
It will rise during lapse conditions .
If , in the trustee 's judgment , `` reasonable market conditions '' did not prevail during any given year , he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten year period .
The anaconda proves to be the fly_in_the_ointment , but the reason for this is not clear ; the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South_America might be responsible .
This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .
For expository purposes , this is best treated as a model which spells_out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages .
These conditions are unobtainable - are not even approachable in the qualified sense I have indicated - without the prior defeat of world Communism .
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is_due to captive conditions .
This is true for two reasons : because Communism is both doctrinally , and in_practice , antithetical to these conditions ; and because Communists have the will and , as long as Soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization .
There are many possibilities , including poor circulation , a variety of neurological conditions , and functional disorders .
It may be , of_course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in_favor_of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world - the absence of Soviet Communist power .
Observing their distressing condition , Colonel_Snelling allowed these half starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation .
When we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at_least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .
Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition .
Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition .
I speak_of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved - ever - reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human_beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around .
`` But in such a slovenly condition '' .
When paper_electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run / chamber under the conditions described above .
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; however , the anode is still the part receiving the largest heat flux .
In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources .
The constancy of p and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in_practice .
Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide trapping , or organification , or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis .
His religious_beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger .
In both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished , but no depression occurs such_as is seen clinically or may be produced in normal persons by drugs .
Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for_example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure_up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence .
The rest of Black_Bottom was a rabbit_warren of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep .
