Watson glanced briefly at him , seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner .
He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building 's beauty .
She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright , like a bird alert for flight .
The addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen .
Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing_on through his body .
No fold could be accidental , each turn of the drapery had to serve organically , to cover the Madonna 's slender legs and feet so that they would give substantive support to Christ 's body , to intensify her inner turmoil .
`` Now I lay me down to sleep , The gray-backs o ' er my body creep ; If they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' `` .
The canons , in a body , had tried to force him on his deathbed to let them give him the last_rites of the Church , but he had died still proclaiming salvation by faith .
In some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly inclusion_bodies ( Littau and Black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen .
The marrow of the vertebral bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement .
Already his cool body lay in the ground .
They keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies , and in_spite_of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for lumps of dirt .
Expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus_Christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind - sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus - then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid .
Though this sculpture must take_place thirty-three years after her moment of decision , he could not conceive_of her as a woman in her mid-fifties , old , wrinkled , broken in body and face by labor or worry .
This machine will cure your cancer ridden body '' .
Warren eased his rifle 's safety off and gently , slowly sneaked another clip of ammunition from one of the cloth bandoleers that marked the upper part of his body with an X .
The bone of the vertebral bodies , ribs , and sternum was soft and was easily compressed .
One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do .
The guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors .
The horrifying humor , the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone_wrong , the monstrous image of the fat man dressed_up as a whore dressing_up as a baby ; the epiphany of that quivering flesh ; the bringing_together around it of the secret liaison between indolent , mindless sensuality and sharp , shrewd talent , cleverness with an occasional touch of genius ( which , however , does not know `` how to attack the problem of suffering '' ) ; the miraculous way in which music , revelation and death are associated in a single instant - all this seems a triumph of art , a rather desperate art , in itself ; beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann 's work .
He could feel his own feet , iron-shod , striking repeatedly until the body was limp .
Mark held the wheel loosely , but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he 'd make in the years to come .
Pompeii expected Romeo 's small body to sink closer and closer to the ground .
These are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) .
Even_so , he could not ease the tension of his body ; the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax .
The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound .
It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb .
In news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs .
His legs shook , and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders .
A British writer , Richard_Haestier , in a book , Dead_Men_Tell_Tales , recalls that in the turmoil preceding French_Revolution the body of Henry_/4 , , who had died nearly 180 years earlier , was torn to pieces by a mob .
Burial had taken_place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet , so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug_up and burned .
A sonar or radar type of pulse_generator and time-delay_measuring_system is required for body tissue evaluation .
He could conceivably have wished to make sure ; Rev loved Honotassa , it was like a part of his breath and body ; Rev had stressed the need for money .
Indeed we should say , on_the_contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal 's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes_with the right texture , tilth and body .
Schley_County_Rep._B._D._Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body 's action of Friday in voting itself a $ 10 per day increase in expense allowances .
The removal of Stalin 's body from the mausoleum he shared with Lenin to less distinguished quarters in the Kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history .
It poured out of him like an electric_current , a feeling that the muscles and nerves of his fine drawn body were coiling for action , and that that action would be all that he anticipated .
The transducer is coupled to the body through a water bath , not shown .
Watson turned_away and did not see the man 's knees buckle and his body sag .
It is as_follows : `` The usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure , pain , temperature ) , as_well_as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , feelings in the tendons and joints ) , were , as_such , essentially intact , although they seemed , in_comparison_with normal reactions , to be somewhat diminished over the entire body .
Then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in_the_head or body accompanying the tracing movements .
A man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body .
As he applied the applicator extending from the machine - which consisted_of seven differently colored neon_tubes superimposed on a rectangular base - to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs._Shaefer 's body , Lee kept_up a steady stream of pseudo scientific mumbo-jumbo .
This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry .
Jesus ' inert body would be passive , his eyes closed .
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped_off '' .
Frontage on a body of clear , clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on polluted water .
The pathetic evidence is no_longer before us ; and we are now so fatigued in body and mind that feeling is , as_we_say , quite dead .
He stood stiffly erect , clutching the staff , his body half hidden by the limp cloth .
