A typical `` sonogram '' of a human eye , together with a description of the anatomical parts , is shown in Fig. 5 .
The prisoners averted their eyes but not before he had glimpsed hatred and anger .
By the second day Michelangelo began to worry ; and by the second night he was in a state of panic : he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye .
He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy 's eye again the great fieldstone house which , built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been Izaak 's bride-gift to his cousin wife as the last century ended .
Straightening_up , his eyes ablaze , he held_out the battered Stetson .
Sparrow size Virginia_Gibson , with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile , made a suitably perky Amy , while Melisande_Congdon , as the real aunt , was positively monumental in the very best Gibson_Girl manner .
Michelangelo found the rabbi in the room of study , a gentle old_man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes , robed in black gabardine with a skullcap on his head .
There was the freshness of color , the freedom of perception , the lack of self-consciousness , but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye .
There was raw fury in his eyes , and the veins of his neck were swollen .
Homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway , instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart , while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments .
Her face was pale but set and her dark eyes smoldered with blame for Ben .
`` Well , that 's your business , Mr._Skyros '' , said Angie , and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr._Skyros ' shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground_glass window .
Tears burned behind his eyes as he prayed and meditated tonight .
Stowey_Rummel was internationally famous , a crafter of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes , an original designer whose inventive childishness with steel and concrete was made even more believably sincere by his personality .
`` I could scratch her eyes out '' , Eileen cried and stamped her foot when I came_back from the phone_booth .
Mr._McKinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty_'s desires .
Joel came and sat mutely with her , sharing her pain and anguish , averting his eyes from the ice_packs on her bosom .
He rocked back in the chair , knee locked against stomach , his beady eyes fixed on Matson .
I can n't tell you now the distance in light_years or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere .
The surgeon came_back at dusk , cut the vein of a second pigeon , again washed out the eye .
We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .
Then she went_back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water .
Mr._Jack cried when the brush tipped his hat down over his eyes .
He can even be a mild voiced little town guy with big town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini could n't figure_out , how it is unlocked .
When his eyes began to focus , he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork .
He patted the eye Joel had had blackened in a fight over being Rebel at the crossroads some days back .
It was Giselle , the fille_de_chambre , come to clean the room , and while she stood before him with ears pricked_up and regard all curiosity , explaining her errand , Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird .
Above the tongue , an aged yellow eye , sallow and time-cast , encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin , stared unfalteringly at him .
Jesus ' inert body would be passive , his eyes closed .
But Carla ; eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness .
Her eyes were bright with anticipation .
The method used to scan the eye ultrasonically is illustrated in Fig. 6 .
Jubal would have bet his life that if Anne were to witness the Second_Coming , she would memorize date , time , personae , events , and barometric_pressure without batting her calm blue eyes .
When painting , Mason 's physical eyes are half closed , while his mind's_eye is wide_open , and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey .
He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim , when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil .
If , in Larkin 's eyes , they are nothing but Piccadilly farmers , he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living .
I could evoke no further elaboration from her about this ; but a_few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me , looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone , `` Your father despises you '' !
The man swayed on a thwart , turning his ruined eyes from side to side .
He made the decision with his eyes open , or so he thought .
The size of this hot region was estimated by eye .
Indeed he did , Sam said solemnly , trying to get Carla 's eye .
Eyes like hot honey , eyes that sizzled .
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes .
He saw the land with a stranger 's eyes , all the old familiarness gone .
On the right window , at eye level , in smaller print but also in gold , was Gonzalez , Prop. , and under_that , Se_Habla_Espanol .
His eyes now fixed on White 's solid figure , Warren could hear behind him the tread of another .
He ran his eye along the roof copings ; almost at_once a figure bulked up .
The eye is all , inward or outward .
Linking the smoothly changing images together , the eye itself endows them with the illusion of movement .
`` I imagine the old girl has n't missed us much '' , Mark added , his eyes on the road .
