Resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent_on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call_for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice .
Command 's new Brahms Second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one .
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws .
The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr._W._A._Wildhack , General_Chairman , and Dr._C._M._Herzfeld , Program_Chairman .
We have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have evenutally been used in commerce and industry .
After more years of concentrated effort , Roy and his brother Max finally established a thriving family_business at the old stand .
Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem .
There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school_boards in existing programs .
Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them .
Now Spencer , seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy , spoke .
Shea 's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium .
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all_too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of .
However , there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training .
Ramsey has a thing or two to mutter about himself , for the Dallas defensive unit turned_in another splendid effort against Denver , and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star , Jack_Spikes , though he did the team 's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury .
Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts .
Bake and Shirl_Winter , on separate telephones , could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los_Angeles , nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts .
The result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment .
But in_general the European efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself .
And the stiffly regal look of them , she saw grimly , lacked the quaver of age which , thwarting the efforts of her amazing will , ran through her spoken_words like a thin ragged string .
In we 're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting .
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was , they must have a better church , a more business-like conduct of the church organization , and an effort to get this religious center out_of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization .
What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ?
In all_of this extensive and expensive effort , the camera was downgraded to the status of recording instrument for art_work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author .
In these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals .
Suppose at this very moment her father was calling my house in an effort to cancel the plans ?
His sweet whisper came after great effort .
We ran east for about half a mile before we turned_back to the road , panting from the effort and soaked with sweat .
In an effort to fortify himself against the unforeseen upsets sure to arise in the future , Herbert_A._Leggett , banker editor of the Phoenix `` Arizona_Progress '' , reflects upon a_few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties .
Therefore , he decided he was unfair to the young_man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point_of_view .
The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .
It argued , inter_alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market_value of the stock of both General_Motors and du_Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; that there would be a similar decline in the market_values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; that the tremendous volume of General_Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General_Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock_market and on general business_activity .
This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense_program in_order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons_systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons_systems which have been overtaken by events .
The repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated .
Efforts such_as the Community_Development_Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development .
The female parasite spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host .
The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure , the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses , the one who goes the farthest to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting_over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort .
Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so_that he could help the team if his knee healed in_time .
What effort do you make to assess results of your program ?
The great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon_lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force , mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices ; for_example , the Crusades , mission efforts , just wars .
The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived_notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly .
This epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk 1040 .
As he informs Watson , `` My life is spent in one long effort to escape_from the commonplaces of existence .
The medical title of `` Lobar_Ventilation_in_Man '' by Drs._C._J._Martin and A._C._Young , covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process .
Much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion .
It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends .
Interruptions came largely from the bench , which numerous times rebuked the Attorney_General for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke_off the flow .
The efforts and accomplishments fall_into three main categories : absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas , secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors , and helium 4 vapor-pressure measurements ( see p. 144 ) .
Representing as_it_did the efforts of only unauthorized individuals of the Roman and Anglican_Churches , and urging a communion of prayer unacceptable to Rome , this association produced little fruit , and , in_fact , was condemned by the Holy_Office in 1864 .
Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals .
The wife 's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job .
