We found no obvious effects due_to preferred orientation of the crystallites in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron_microscopic examination .
We need many_more studies of this sort if the design of written_languages is to be put on a sound basis .
Mars has been observed twice at about 3 - cm wave_length , and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars .
This is much higher than the nickel content of terrestrial dusts and sediments and provides a basis for the determination of the meteoritic mass influx .
The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental_image can find no logical support .
In_addition , little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard_to the normal existence of bronchial_artery pulmonary_artery anastomoses .
Also , interlobular air drifts may be all_but nonexistent in the cow ; probably occur in the horse much_as in the human_being ; and , in contrast are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent ( Van_Allen and Lindskog , ' 31 ) .
Feelings of a community of interest will have_to be recreated - in some of the new nations , indeed , they must be built for_the_first_time - on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past .
The second situation is illustrated by the operator T on * * f ( F any field ) represented in the standard basis by * * f .
If the volume is the molal volume , then * * f is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists .
As Origen interprets the end of history on the basis of its beginning , so Irenaeus portrays the story of Adam on the basis of the story of Christ .
Has the probable price situation in your field been forecast as a basis for future planning ?
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District_Court to determine the appropriate relief .
Since * * f are linearly independent functions and the exponential_function has no zeros , these r functions * * f , form a basis for the space of solutions .
On this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes .
I have found , time_and_again , that some bit of particularly annoying and intractable behavior on the part of a patient rests , in_the_final_analysis , on this basis ; and only when I can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient 's behavior .
But is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with_confidence solve our domestic and international problems ?
He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned_)_reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible .
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market_value of the shares or du_Pont 's tax basis for them , which is approximately $ 2.09 per share .
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary .
This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis .
It seems time to consider a revision of operational procedures for lexicostatistic studies on a more humble , solid , and limited basis .
Often he seems even to have been able to guess correctly , without the tracing motions , solely on the basis of qualitative differences among the blot like things which appeared in his visual experience .
It occurred to Bill_Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many .
Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such_as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar_maple camp .
In_order to equate the samples on socioeconomic status , we chose schools in both cities on the basis of socioeconomic status of the neighborhoods .
The dictionary is a form dictionary , at_least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary_entries .
On these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be manifested in the remarkably unlimited ken of the Iliad .
One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , I suppose , is that we , the majority , were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism .
recommend to the Congress from_time_to_time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of_this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with_respect_thereto ;
If you are going_to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises .
Needless to say , the organic load was very low on a volumetric basis , but was 270 lb BOD / day / acre on a surface loading basis .
If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee per case basis only ?
Final ratings were made on the basis of a point_system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms .
A summary of meteorite data , prepared by Whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in Table 5 - 1 .
On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsifal under Karl_Muck 's baton , or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New_York_Philharmonic .
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad_hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment_training_programs that my be quickly set_up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .
Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests .
Another put sex on a dollars and cents basis .
Under the law as it existed until 1943 , the Federal_Government made grants to the States on the basis of population , matching State expenditures on a 50_-_50 basis .
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in_operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone .
The `` diversified occupations '' program is a part-time trade preparatory program conducted over two school_years on a cooperative basis between the school and local industrial and business employers .
It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends - expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings .
The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes_Act , which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $ 7 million to support , on a matching basis , state administered programs of vocational education in agriculture , trades , industrial skills and home_economics .
Many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis .
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted_Gross_Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis .
Bicycle gear-sets he had once used as the basis of the design for the Camden_Cycly_Company plant hung on a rope in one corner , and over his desk , next to several old and dusty hats , was a clean pair of roller_skates which he occasionally used up_and_down front of his house .
To_be_sure , in tool-and-die_work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of halftime vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status .
Practically all_of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high_school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at_once on the basis of the skill .
Check to see if some of your benefits - such_as on-the-job disability pay - can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you .
