Another car was coming , a tiny , dark shape on a far hill .
No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells .
Once the door was open , they crowded him inside the dark building .
But dully glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman .
Watson spoke bewilderedly to the dark night flecked with pine-knot torches .
First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns .
He had put_on the gray jacket and the dark gray slacks and the fawn colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street .
Angelina placed the tray on the table and with a flick of dark wrist drew_off the cloth .
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray .
`` Last year your Tennessee_Williams told our Dilys_Powell , in a television_program , that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart .
The infield was well flooded but the expanded outfield was much too dark .
There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go_on forever .
In the heat of the summer , the garden solitudes were ours alone ; our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front_porch .
Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus - either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; a middle_distance often containing the major motif ; and a background , usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky .
From the outside , it seemed no more than a low drumlin , a lump on the dark earth .
It is roughly shaped like a large pear , and when properly ripened , its dark green skin covers a meaty , melon like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe Bartlett_pear , but oily .
Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more_than he could bear ?
It was dark early , because of the storm .
Al_'s_Little_Cafe was small , dark , narrow , and filled with the mingled scent of beer , tobacco smoke , and Italian cooking .
There was a blur just under my focus of vision , a crash ; the car 's far windshield panel turned_into a silver web with a dark hole in_the center .
`` In_addition_to the usual tools , I make constant use of cleansing tissue , not_only to wipe my brushes , but to mop_up certain areas , to soften edges , and to open_up lights in dark washes .
He took_up a white sheet_of_paper , dark with single-spaced data .
Far away , standing before a curtained window in the study room , was his father , hands tucked under his coattails , and staring into the dark church .
She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder .
The dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful .
With the metal shutters closed , the dining_room was so dark that it seemed still night in there .
Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look .
The doctor stood about , waiting for Alex to dress , with a show of impatience , and soon they were moving , as quietly as could be , through the still dark hallways , past the bedroom of the patronne , and so into the street .
She stayed too late , and when she left , it was dark and time to go_home and cook supper for her husband .
He clutched the staff , and his dark eyes blinked apologetically .
In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a_lot of water ; the mill-pond is quiet , its surface dark and shadowed , and there does not seem to be much water in it .
Inside , as_soon_as Mr._Skopas had disclosed - in a hoarse whisper - the detective 's errand , his family gathered in a huddle , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace .
When McFeeley was halfway to the door , the proprietor emerged - a mountainous , dark man , his head thick_with resiny black hair , his eyes like two of the black_olives he imported in boatloads .
When Felix first opened the door on_it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night .
Mr._Skyros was not a man who thought very_much about moral_principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all_the_same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a_little ill .
His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot .
The man wore a vest and a tie , the woman had_on a dark green dress and three strands of pearls .
Dark gray sports_jacket , lighter gray slacks , pink flannel shirt , black silk necktie .
To the west , the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes .
She was like charcoal , he thought - dark , opaque , explosive .
Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier 's `` Massachusetts_to_Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' .
I think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes mischievous , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken '' .
Not seeing her dark intelligent face , one would have gauged the voice as that of a Westwood_Village matron , ten years out of Iowa .
Painters left less and less of a vase in a plain dark color ; instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over patterns into which freehand drawing began to creep .
If I get a low M._R. , I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does .
Then she fell_asleep again as suddenly as a person with fever , and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes .
She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting_to be .
The school was small , dark and ill-equipped .
Of four dark brown ears , one twitched slightly at this .
Why had he crossed the dark water , to bring_back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole ?
