He had seen a dry , old , yellowing hand reach_out , with that painful solicitude , to touch , to rearrange , to shift aimlessly , some object worth a pfennig .
From the moment that Hino had first walked into the mission to ask for a job , any job - his qualifications neatly written on a piece_of_paper in a precise hand - he had been ready to become a Christian .
Griffith raised placating hands .
Phil spun_around and made an accurate throw into Mike_Deegan 's hands on third_base .
Standing in the shelter of the tent - a rejected hospital tent on which the rain now dripped , no_longer drumming - Adam watched his own hands touch the objects on the improvised counter of boards laid across two beef barrels .
Dead fledgling birds , their squashed looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung_to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in_front_of the purple flags .
It was amazing how they had herded together for protection : an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper , rising from the breakfast_table ; a gross boy in his teens , shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands ; a girl in her twenties , fat and sullen , descending the marble staircase ; then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor .
( For_instance , see Example 2 of Section 5 - 5 , on red cards in hands of 5 . )
Laura touched his hand .
In the living_room , Miss_Ada was standing by the window with a sheaf of lists in her hand .
Acting only as interpreter Carla , her hands folded on her lap , was utterly impersonal .
He was wearing sneakers and shorts and an open-collared shirt , and in his hand he carried a little black bag .
Pa was on his side , looking at me , his eyes winking , the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow .
Hogan reappeared , stopped on the hotel porch , lifted a hand in signal .
Try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands .
The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands .
First , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting_of those from Hand , Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , and Foot .
Even before his mind had rounded_out the idea , he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled_out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver .
Once there had been big glittering rooms where Ulanys bowed and kissed the ladies ' hands as they flirted from behind their fans .
I turned_around with the percolator in my hand .
Despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; they are priceless even_though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; they are the most valuable of commodities - and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply .
A hebephrenic man used_to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely silent hours with his therapist .
Keeping the hands in the starting position , run in_place to a quick rhythm .
The secretary sighed with relief and_then the telephone clicked in Rector 's hand .
At home , he would n't even wash his hands for supper , and he wandered around the yard in a pair of sweaty old corduroys .
Certain this menace was only imaginary , he yet stared in fascinated horror , his hand sticky against the stock of his weapon .
He stared at the dipper , turning it over_and_over in his wide , calloused hands .
After it has been seen , have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin , inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ) .
He flung off Lord 's hand and attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront .
Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins .
As we stepped_out into the sunlight , a man came_up_to John_Cool and silently showed him his hand .
Pierre had no hands ; they had been severed at the wrists .
Holden waved a hand at the empty street .
Miraculously , the bottle was still in my hand , foam still geysering over my ( luckily ) waterproof watch .
Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movement that , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws_close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall vendors , forever .
Far away , standing before a curtained window in the study room , was his father , hands tucked under his coattails , and staring into the dark church .
Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second - , third - , and fourth hand as a distortable rumor .
After a time , he straightened again , brushing the red Permian dust from his hands , slapping it from his six dollar levis and his tailored , twenty-five dollar shirt .
To confess with a canvas chair as a prie-dieu , gouging at his heart until a rough and stupid hand bade him rise and go ?
Several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand .
But youth asked nothing of its parents - not a touch of the hand or a kiss given in_passing .
It all seemed - if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows - as_though this broken nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler 's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss 's work .
His hands shook .
The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand .
John lifted his hand for silence .
Be sure that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at_a_time .
The hands and their bosses saw him as a lone knight of the range , waging a dedicated crusade against a lawless new society that was threatening a beloved way_of_life .
And his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance .
An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` [ Dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all_the_time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no_more yuse .
He sat for_a_while with his hands on his knees , watching the bend of her back as she gathered_up her things - a comb , a bottle of aspirin - to take upstairs and pack .
