On Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited_edition of verse consisting entirely of punctuation_marks and spaces ; Time_magazine reviewed it and suggested that the Federation_Assembly_Daily_Record should be translated into the medium .
Determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .
The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute_of_arc .
Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies .
The velocity value used is also open_to some question ; if a substantial fraction of the dust is orbiting about the Earth , only about one_third the above_mentioned average velocity should be used in deriving the mass .
To be the Savior and the Lord , Jesus_Christ has to be a historical individual with a biography all his own ; he dare not be a cosmic aeon that swoops to earth for_a_while but never identifies itself with man 's history .
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox 's life on earth .
Today 's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth 's restlessness is presently concentrated , but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them .
The space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth .
From the outside , it seemed no more than a low drumlin , a lump on the dark earth .
Watson raced for him , his boots slamming the soft earth .
For ' God had not rained ' , says the Scripture , before man was made , ' and there was no man to till the earth ' .
Measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth .
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; Wyatt and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive_force of the impinging solar_radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth .
The bombproof was a low-ceilinged structure of heavy timbers covered with earth .
The figures in the next-to-last column are derived with the assumption of 50 per_cent shielding by the Earth ; hence , these figures apply immediately above the Earth 's atmosphere .
Pioneer_1 , recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours .
At one astronomical_unit from the sun ( the Earth 's distance ) the dust orbits are probably nearly circular .
Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting_out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound_dog cracking marrowbones .
He is a widower , his three children are dead , he has no_one left on earth ; also he is a drunk , and has lost his job on_that_account .
First_of_all , the six figures of the Buddha you heisted - four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying_Buddha on a teakwood base .
The females like to burrow in the short turf of well-kept lawns , where their little mounds of earth often appear by the hundreds .
Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone , Sigmen_City would blaze_out into space .
Mike stopped to cherish all his brother selves , the many threes-fulfilled on Mars , corporate and discorporate , the precious few on Earth - the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and cherish now that at_last long waiting he grokked and cherished himself .
Even_so , he could not ease the tension of his body ; the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax .
It was nine o_'_clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain_dormant in the quiet night .
We have learned from earthquakes much of_what we now know about the earth 's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled .
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data .
But He set a bound to his [ state of ] sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take_place in the earth , so_that man , ceasing at_length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
From God 's Will and Wisdom , and from virgin earth .
We are already committed to establishing man 's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth , not merely in the limited social political economical context we are fond of today .
If such is the case , the particles within a distance of about * * f km of the Earth will have , relative to the Earth , a kinetic_energy less than their potential_energy and they will be captured into orbits about the Earth .
In our age of Science and Angst it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer_space '' .
For the case of Jupiter , the radio_emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator , and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non thermal components .
Notice should be taken_of unusual rock formations , deposits , or shapes of the earth 's crust in your region .
Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' .
No attempts to measure the radio_emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low_temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave_lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity .
Try pegging_down each separate branch to the earth , using a bobby_pin to hold it there .
Those which tell a story of the earth 's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites .
His pictures generalize , though they are inspired by a particular locale ; they universalize in_terms_of weather , skies , earth , and people .
My unscientific friend does not believe that human stature is measurable in_terms_of speed , momentum , weightlessness , or distance from earth , but is a matter of the development of the human mind .
A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the Earth is obtained from analyses of deep sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( Pettersson , 1960 ) .
It is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the Earth originated from meteoritic impacts upon the moon .
From this earth , then , while it was still virgin God took dust and fashioned the man , the beginning of humanity '' .
Beyond a_few million kilometers from the Earth , but still in the region of the Earth 's orbit , a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable .
The figure on the earth halted , seemingly bewildered .
Even in the neighborhood of the Earth , where information has been obtained both directly and indirectly , the derived flux values vary by at_least four orders_of_magnitude .
Hal saw in his mind the rest of Earth : Iceland , Greenland , the Caribbean_Islands , and the eastern half of South_America .
Light sticks of fingers , the tips gummy with dark earth , patted at Watson 's throat .
Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls .
