Hub shook his head so Andy told him not to bother .
Brannon shook his head .
`` What happened to your head '' ?
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came_out we found that we had left my daughter 's handbag and my wife 's behind '' .
For a moment he thought_of going_into Crosson 's office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go .
His head flopped back .
Jessica_Packard lifted her head and followed the retreating figure , her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips .
First_of_all , the six figures of the Buddha you heisted - four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying_Buddha on a teakwood base .
She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked .
He stood_up , cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly .
She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there is n't a thing that won n't be streaked '' .
He had stood at a_little distance , studying her , as though he would walk_around next and look at the back of her head .
Be sure the head drops backward so_that the child looks at the floor rather_than toward the ceiling .
Richard_M._Forbes 's Paget , which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages , tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in_front of Glen_T._Hallowell 's Milties_Miss .
His steps were short and stiff , and , with his head thrown_back , his progress was a supercilious strut .
The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle - it must have been late in September - I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and bloody , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life .
I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside .
The covers slid down his skinny neck so I saw his head , fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed , but his face was turned to the wall - there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster - and I thought , Well you do n't look much like a pig-drunk bully now .
Booby_traps to fill the head with chunks of metal .
He paced forward unsteadily , leaning too far back , his head tilted oddly .
In the last of the sixth inning Mike_Deegan got_up to bat and hit a fast_ball over the left_fielder 's head .
Phil shook his head and Eddie frowned .
Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' .
He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall .
In there are n't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious .
For prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such_as shipping , excessive handling , vaccination , extreme weather_conditions : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only .
For the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping_fever complex , increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day .
To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily .
Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne fuzz that encased it .
If it could be shown that judgments of good and bad were not judgments at_all , that they asserted nothing true or false , but merely expressed emotions like `` Hurrah '' or `` Fiddlesticks '' , then these wayward judgments would cease from troubling and weary heads could be at_rest .
Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up_to 50 pounds ; treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal .
At the rate of 2_-_1_2 milligrams per head per day .
As reports dribbled in , William_Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head .
Feed 75000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily .
Hercules_L._Dousman , fur trader and merchant at Prairie_du_Chien , contracted to supply Selkirk 's people with some 300 head of cattle , and Alexis_Bailly and Francois_Labothe were hired as drovers .
He slept in the hall bedroom at the head of the stairs .
0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily ( 1 gram of premix per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier .
10 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per head daily .
350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only .
For prevention of foamy bloat , feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed .
To reduce incidence of liver abscesses , supply 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline activity per head daily .
Include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day .
These are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams DES per head daily .
Not less than 70 milligrams of Aureomycin per head daily to aid in the prevention of liver abscesses in feed-lot beef_cattle .
1.0 gram premix per head per day for promoting growth , feed conversion , and getting lambs on full feed earlier .
For prevention of ketosis , feed 1_4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time .
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day .
Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was , but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head .
In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob , on the same principle which had led Miss_Harris to demand water .
As_usual , Mrs._Lincoln had lost her head , but nobody blamed her for doing so now .
