The trouble here is that it 's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it does n't cost you anything .
The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist ; yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either .
Basement walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 .
From high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nowhere visible .
Two more shots followed in quick succession , dropping him limp and huddled on the ground .
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground .
Huge glob-flakes hitting the ground , piling higher and higher .
In 1802 Henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much_as a horse could pack .
He had reached the three passive guards ; he crept in an incertain manner , patting the ground before him .
It ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would render false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .
Similarly , higher levels of GNP do not , in themselves , provide grounds for raising prices , but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase .
The man began to creep in the wrong direction , deceived by a slight rise in the ground !
Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity .
In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at_least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves .
Isaac_Pitt , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket_ball in his belly ; and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow .
We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .
Most_of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds .
When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him , `` What is that , Bill - hello or farewell '' ?
Out of compulsion to say something cheery , Ben_Prime blurted , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit .
At 7 : 25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps , carrying a saw-horse to be set_up as a barricade in_front_of the haberdashery_store window next to the entranceway , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed epaulets and spic , red visored caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd .
Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground , while Joseph_of_Arimathea was at Pontius_Pilate 's asking for Christ 's body , Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes , and the others had gone_home to mourn .
Pompeii expected Romeo 's small body to sink closer and closer to the ground .
The pain in itself was neutral ; but unfortunately the rabbit , on no grounds at_all , took_up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for_the_first_time , and in the only intelligible sense , bad .
The second capability is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement .
Sometimes this is accompanied by visible shifts of the ground surface ; often the shifts cannot be seen , but they are there ; and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried .
Already his cool body lay in the ground .
Burial had taken_place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet , so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug_up and burned .
Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face .
Watson spat on the ground .
Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge .
Strindberg 's remedy for this condition was to tear_down the old structures and build anew from the ground up .
He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess 's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all_right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside .
It was built by the Pasterns , and stands on the acre of ground that adjoins our property .
There were not many chairs , so that some preferred to sit on the edge of the porch , resting their feet on the ground , and_others liked to sit where they could lean_back against the wall .
There was an artificial_lake just out_of_sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped_out of the ground above the hillside orchard .
It did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; it did not even provide the architect 's plan for anything new .
He saw the ground coming_up - and the stranger 's head .
Well , the grass was there , though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it .
After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick .
Whereas Bultmann 's `` center '' position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by Karl_Barth , involves the rejection or at_least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered .
Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's_Witnesses reported that he was no_longer doing so and , on_the_contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer_and_Bible_Student_Servant positions .
The Abbot of St._Eloi , Claude_de_Mommor , had been a good friend , but not even he thought Charles deserved burial in hallowed ground .
The grounds for the Church 's position are Scriptural ( Old_Testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural_law .
The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees .
Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got_into her car she looked at the houses below .
She glanced around the clearing , taking_in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground , the two kids , the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight .
The actual surface becomes both ground and background , and it turns_out - suddenly and paradoxically - that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in_front of , upon , the surface .
The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims , stating the reasons and grounds therefor , and if approved , shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved .
Both fell heavily to the ground .
`` Three shots in_that fella ' fore he hit the ground !
