`` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art .
And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men .
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form .
Nor is it necessary to look_for such evidence in the great urban_centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated .
And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in_reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them .
Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form : his models , drawings , ten foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days , and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as_though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac .
Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated .
Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form .
Into the emptiness of the street , and his spirit , moved a form .
If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' - and this , it must_not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task - there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation .
- has now been raised in the reader 's mind and in the following form .
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each_other and which cause each_other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .
People who take us for suckers are like the Westerner who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements .
Moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature .
`` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ?
The dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage , their dirge unsung for want of vocal_chords .
That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates .
It is to say rather , I believe , that he has brought_to_bear on the history , the traditions , and the lore of his region a critical , skeptical mind - the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique .
The rows of animals and birds , in_particular , suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes , transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles , but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek .
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever .
But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : Jessica and I , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or mess-hall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond .
His rage assumes a religious form ; that_is , on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness , Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life - not_only the cyclist now , but the audience , the world , as_well : `` all you light-headed breed '' .
It only means that there will be new form , and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else .
The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of GNP .
The form and the chaos remain separate .
First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately * * f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values - the lightest light , the middle tone , and the darkest dark - by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns .
Thus , one can think_of a dictionary_entry as a word rather than a form .
Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at_once .
Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries , art films , and travelogues , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama , the movies are at_heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short_story .
Bare feet are better for such work than any form of slipper .
When the complete file has been read , the grammatic descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatic description of the form it represents .
Expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus_Christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind - sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus - then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid .
And_then the Amen_corner took_hold , re-enacting a form of group_participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek_chorus , spreading down through the African forest , overseas to the West_Indies , and then here in Alabama .
Thus f satisfies * * f if and only if f has the form * * f .
I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection .
For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the W_region are used for storage of the forms in the text form list ; cells in the X-region and Y_region are reserved as information cells for text forms .
Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane .
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work - superb organizations , a credit to any society .
Together they also developed a new form of voltaic_cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents .
The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no_longer adequate_to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive .
Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation * * f is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential_equation of the form * * f .
These areas by_virtue_of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that_is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface .
It is possible that certain mutational forms may be produced such_as antibiotic resistant strains .
The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe .
All such imitations of negative quality have given_rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at_least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak_to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved .
The religious symbolism , and especially the closely related rites and worship forms , constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith .
About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square .
For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives_way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief , which gives_way in_turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to contain both - or neither .
At the central level the scrutin_uninominal_voting_system was selected over some form of the scrutin_de_liste_system , even though the latter had been recommended by Duverger and favored by all political_parties .
Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional_arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .
